















Fast Slow Pro - Multifunction Pressure Cooker | Breville (US)




























































































































Skip to main content












































Return to  Cookers












the Fast Slow Pro™











































































                3 way safety system steam release.
              






Some foods are tender with time. Others are perfected under pressure. The Fast Slow Pro™ automatically adjusts time, temperature and pressure between fast and slow cooking modes to coax maximum flavor and texture. This intuitive Breville multicooker is perfect for those looking for fast cooker, slow cooker, pressure cooker, and steam cooker in one easy to use kitchen tool.


Download the recipe e-book


























Product DNA




















Multi function cooking




One press functionality employs dual sensors at the top and bottom of the 6 qt. bowl to monitor and accurately control the temperature and pressure. 
11 pressure cook settings and slow cook settings from high to low. Reduce, sauté, sear to retain and intensify flavors,  slow cook, pressure cook steam to lock in nutrients or keep warm.




























Easy cleaning




Lid is removable and dishwasher safe for easy cleaning. The ceramic coated cooking bowl doubles as a serving bowl. Ceramic is a natural material and therefore naturally PFOA and PTFE free.




























LCD display




Full feedback LCD display tells you whats going on inside the pot with a pressure indicator, temperature and countdown timer and steam release indicator. 8 pressure levels range from 1.5 psi to 12 psi.




























Auto steam release setting




We eliminated the pressure from pressure cooking with the hands free auto steam release. Keeps your hands out of the way of any releasing steam. The cooker automatically sets the correct release method of Quick, Pulse or Natural for the best results.




























Triple safe lid construction




Stainless steel construction with 3-way safety system. Hinged and removable lid that is dishwasher safe and easy fitting silicone seal for hassle free cleaning & assembly.

























                  Accessories
                 






                                                                                                        Stainless Steamer Basket
Stainless Rack
Recipe Book with 41 recipes

















                  Dimensions (WxDxH)
                 






12" x 12" x 13"

















                  Construction Materials
                 






Brushed Stainless Steel

















                  Capacity
                 






6 qt–4.5 qt MAX
1 qt MIN

















                  Settings
                 






11 Pressure cook settings plus a custom setting to suit your favorite recipes
High or Low Slow cook settings from 2 -12 hours

















                  Power
                 






1100 Watts

















                  Voltage
                 






110–120 Volts

















                  Warranty
                 






1 Year Replacement Warranty

















                  Auto Keep Warm Function
                 






Activates after cooking so food is ready to serve when you are

















                  Automatic Steam Release Setting
                 






Hands free automatic steam release for extra safety

















                  Dual Sensors
                 






Dual sensors at the top and bottom monitor ingredients for more accurate temperature and pressure control, while the hands free steam release automatically varies across foods to maximize flavor and texture










Show more details


























Your Breville, Brought to Life 



        Preview our machines in your very own kitchen
    


Using sophisticated AR technology, you can realistically envision our Breville machines on your own kitchen counter.










































































 


















Support
 














 
 






Instruction Manual
 
















 
 






Product Registration
 
















 
 






Return Policies
 
















 
 






Warranty & Repairs
 























































                  Find a retailer
               







                  Blog
               







                  Remanufactured Products
               







                  Register a product
               








Sign Up


My Breville














United States


















Signed up to Breville emails








Be the first to know about our product releases!










Please enter a valid email address, like 
[email protected]










You agree to receive promotions, surveys and more from us and our affiliated brands and you have read our 
Privacy Policy.
 You can unsubscribe at any time.








Sign Up










You have signed up already












Something went wrong. Please try again.




































































Support









                        Register a Product
                     







                        Support Center
                     







                        Breville Innovation Program
                     







                        FAQ
                     







                        Warranty
                     







                        Return Policy
                     







                        Retailer Terms & Conditions
                     







                        Promotional Terms & Conditions
                     







                        Earned Cashback Promotion 2023 Terms and Conditions
                     







                        eGift Cards Terms & Conditions
                     







                        eGift Cards FAQ
                     







                        Job Candidate Policy
                     







                        Careers
                     







                        Open Source Acknowledgments
                     







                        California AB 1200 Statement
                     












About Breville









                        About Us
                     







                        Patents
                     







                        Breville Affiliates Program
                     







                        Diversity & Inclusion
                     







                        Social Responsibility
                     







                        Modern Slavery Act
                     







                        Terms Of Use
                     







                        EULA
                     







                        Privacy Notice
                     







                        Cookie Notice
                     







                        Site Map
                     














© 2023 Breville USA. All rights reserved.















































