









 
 








Bionaire® 99.99% True HEPA Air Purifier with UV Technology - BAP536UV-CN | Bionaire® Canada






































































Skip to main content








































Search Catalog


Search


When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type.




























Menu


Search










Filters




+











Air Purifier Filters








Humidifier Filters & Wicks








Furnace Filters



















Air Purification




+











Air Purifiers








Air Purifiers Filters



















Service & Support




+











Where's My Order?








Product Registration








Product Support








Order Support








Instruction Manuals








Service Centre Locator








Product Recall





























Search Catalog


Search


When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type.






















Want to Shop Your Favorite Products Online? Visit our Preferred Retail Partners






See Details Here
















Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.












Home


:




Air Purification


:



Bionaire® 99.99% True HEPA Air Purifier with UV Technology





















Images





New


































































































Bionaire® 99.99% True HEPA Air Purifier with UV Technology



Details


https://www.bionairecanada.com/en_CA/air-purification/bionaire-99.99-true-hepa-air-purifier-with-uv-technology/BAP536UV-CN.html




BAP536UV-CN




Bionaire


BAP536UV-CN




https://www.bionairecanada.com/on/demandware.static/-/Sites-master-catalog/default/dw0976fb55/images/highres/BAP536UV-U-2.jpg




0.00


N/A
























The Bionaire
®
 99.99% True HEPA Air Purifier with UV Technology is laboratory tested to capture 99.99% of airborne allergens & pollutants as small as 0.3 Microns. UV Technology and 3 cleaning speeds help to remove allergens from the air and reduce germs, viruses, bacteria, mould and fungi*.


See More...


















Additional Information




Overview


Service & Support






Designed for allergy sufferers, Bionaire
®
 Allergen Defender Air Purifiers help reduce pollen, mould spores, fungi, viruses and bacteria to create a healthier, cleaner home.* With 3 cleaning levels to keep indoor air pure and fresh and a 24-hour programmable timer be the master of your air. The advanced HEPA filtration technology helps to clean the air in your home with the 3-Stage Air Purification System:


Stage 1:
 Washable pre-filter helps capture larger particles and extends the life of the filter.


Stage 2:
 True HEPA filter removes up to 99.99% if airborne allergens as small as 0.3 microns including smoke, dust, pollen, mould spores and pet dander from air passing through the filter.


Stage 3:
 Optional ionizer setting naturally improves performance while refreshing the air.


 


This unit is ENERGY STAR certified which provides 40% more energy efficient than standard models.


 






UV technology helps to reduce bacteria and viruses


Labratory tested to capture 99.99% of airborne allergens & pollutants as small as 0.3 Microns


Utilizes our most powerful filtration ever - 99.99% True HEPA


Choose from 3 cleaning levels to keep indoor air fresh and pure


Up to 24 hour programmable timer


Filter service indicator alerts you when filter cleaning is required


Advanced design ensures quiet operation and maximum air circulation


Easy to read LED display


Compatible with all aer1® ready air purifier filters


Limited 3 year warranty








Why Purify Your Air?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We Purify Our Water, Why Not Our Air?
 
We eat organic food, drink filtered water and clean with anti-bacterial products. What about the air you and your family breathe? The fibers released from furniture, drapery, carpeting and clothing, drift and settle around the home each time they are touched. Also, when you vacuum up dirt and dust with a vacuum cleaner, you the vacuum actually spits out dirt and debris while you are cleaning! 
Even in the cleanest homes, don’t be fooled by what you cannot see. These culprits may not be visible, but they are there wreaking havoc on the well-being of you and your family. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
How Does an Air Purifier Work ?
Air purifiers are designed to help remove airborne particles and odors from air passing through the filter. 
 
 
Using fans the dirty air is brought in through an intake grill
 
The air then passes through filters helping to remove pollutants, allergens, and other contaminants from the Air your breathe.
 
After the air is filtered, a fan distributes the clean air back into the room.
 
 
 
 
 
 








Product Registration


Product FAQs












































Products




Filters


Air Purification


Cooling


Humidification & Dehumidification


Parts








Service & Support




Product Registration


Product Support


Instruction Manuals


Accessibility














Sign up for special tips and more




Enter Your Email Address












By submitting your email address above, you agree that Newell Brands may send you emails relating to the Bionaire brand about promotions, events, special offers, and surveys. You may unsubscribe at any time Newell Brands Canada ULC. 20B Hereford Street, Brampton, ON L6Y 0M1,


1-800-253-2764


. Please refer to our


Privacy Statement


for more details.













©2020 Newell Brands Canada ULC



Privacy Statement


Cookie Policy


Terms of Use


Site Map

























































