DISCOVER THE POWER OF STEAMPOD.

Style your hair 2x smoother*, 2x faster*, and up to 91% less breakage* using the extra power of steam technology and integrated comb. 
These unique features boost the performance of the heating plates to effortlessly glide through hair without tugging or dragging, helping to reduce split ends for a shiny, healthy looking finish.
Perfect for all hair types providing long lasting hairstyles, from straight to wavy.

Unique integrated steam and comb technology delivers:

2X SMOOTHER*

2X FASTER*

AND UP TO 91% LESS BREAKAGE** OVER TIME

*Compared to Steampod without steam and comb (heating plates only)

**After 15 uses with steam and integrated comb vs Steampod heating plates alone

STEAMPOD: 
STYLE ANY LOOK YOU WANT!

GETTING STARTED WITH STEAMPOD

First time using SteamPod? Create your salon-worthy looks on all hair types in just minutes. Get started with just 5 easy steps:

Step 1: Remove water tank from SteamPod and fill with water.

Step 2: Return water tank to SteamPod.

Step 3: Turn switch on. Choose temperature depending on hair type.

Step 4: Take thin sections of the hair.

Step 5: Clamp each section in between the SteamPod plates, then run through hair slowly. Ensure arrows on SteamPod point downwards. 

The champion of straightening

You will love straightening your hair with SteamPod with 2x smoother results when using the boosted power of steam and integrated comb. 
For best results, glide SteamPod down slowly and straighten your hair by sections: the thinner the section, the more precise the result. 
Take each small strand and slowly move the straightener downwards from root to tip,
making sure the arrows on the tool are pointing down to achieve optimal results.

New

EASY WAVE CREATION

Styling waves with SteamPod is easy thanks to the rotative cord. Always section and pre-comb your hair.
For natural waves, place a thin strand in the middle of the plates and wrap it around the tool.
Then rotate the tool while slowly gliding downwards, making sure the arrows on the tool are pointing down to achieve optimal results. 
Let the waves cool off for a few minutes before either shaking or brushing them for a very natural-looking result.

THE HEAT STYLER WITH EXCLUSIVE STEAM TECHNOLOGY

EXCLUSIVE STEAM 
DELIVERY

0.8g/min steady steam distribution.
Continuous steam flow for even results.

Double technology plates

High resistance, anodized coating

Integrated comb

Predetangles the hair while styling. Holds the hair in place for easy waving. Removable.

Integrated 
watertank

Freedom to style a full head of hair (up to 600ft!) without having to refill the watertank.
Use distilled water, can be warm or cold.

Intelligent heat 
control

3 heat settings from 350° to 410°, checked up to 2x/sec for even use.

Rotative cord

Extra long cord, hassle-free waves.