Easily create soft, tumbling curls and volume at the root with the ghd curve® soft curl iron. Featuring a 1.25" large barrel with ergonomic clamp, perfect for longer hair or voluminous styles. Includes protective cool tip for safety while curling, built-in safety stand, professional-length cord, 25 second heat-up time, universal voltage, and automatic sleep mode after 30 minutes.

No more guessing the correct styling temperature. Our breakthrough ultra‑zone™ technology detects each strand of hair and adapts to the safer-for-hair temperature of 365°F across the entire barrel to ensure consistent heat at all times.

SUGGESTED USAGE

-Use on dry hair. 

-Use the 
ghd curl hold spray - curly ever after
 before styling to protect your hair and for up to 24 hour curl hold.* 

-For perfect curls, make sure the size of your section is no larger than the width of the barrel.

-Make styling easy by splitting your hair into sections and curling one side at a time. 

-Wrap hair around barrel, making sure to not overlap hair. Hold for eight to 10 seconds, depending on your hair type.

*Technical test measuring curl retention in a humidity chamber at 50% relative humidity
 Technology 
 Features 
 CURL. BRUSH. DRINKS. 
Achieve bombshell blowout curls with the ghd curve® soft curl iron creating curls in 5-8 seconds with up to 24h curl hold.*
 Bouncy curls & soft waves 
Create full-bodied curls or loose waves with the large 1.25" barrel, perfect for longer hair or voluminous styles.
 Ultra-zone™ technology 
Guarantees a safer-for-hair temperature of 365°F across the entire barrel.
 Effortless styling 
Secure hair in place with the clamp while twirling the iron to create easy, effortless curls.
 AWARDS 
With over 400 beauty awards won globally to date, ghd have championed innovation, performance and design over 20 years so you can enjoy a good hair day every day.
 Power couple 
For curls that last all day and night, achieve up to 48-hour curl hold when using the ghd curve® range in combination with the curl hold spray - curly ever after.*
Large 1.25" barrel 
Designed to create big soft waves with body and hold.
Ultra-zone™ technology 
Locks in your curls with the safer-for-hair temperature of 365°F.
Spring-activated hair clamp
For ultimate styling control.
Cool tip 
Designed to keep you safe while styling.
Safer-for-hair temperature of 365ºF
The perfect balance between long-lasting results without compromising the condition of your hair.
Safety stand 
For securing the iron on a hard surface while not in use.
Automatic sleep mode
Switches your curling iron off after 30 minutes of non-use, for peace of mind.