Dyson Purifier Hot+Cool Formaldehyde purifying fan heater (White/Gold)

Automatically senses, captures, and traps pollutants for cleaner air

Detects and destroys formaldehyde¹

Purifies and heats⁶ the whole room²

2-year warranty

Re-engineered to deliver 50% cleaner air*

Dyson's most advanced filtration system combines a precise, solid-state formaldehyde sensor with a unique catalytic filter that continuously destroys formaldehyde.¹ An activated carbon filter removes gases and odors and a HEPA filter captures 99.97% of particles 0.3 microns in size. And Dyson purifiers have powerful Air Multiplier™ technology to purify and heat the whole room.²

Technology

Senses and reports, automatically

Integrated sensors constantly analyze your air, while our unique algorithm cross-checks data every second. It diagnoses pollutants at a molecular level, displaying live results on the LCD.

Captures gases and ultrafine particles

The HEPA filter captures 99.97% of particles 0.3 microns in size. A layer of activated carbon also removes odors and gases including VOCs.

Destroys formaldehyde, continuously

The Dyson catalytic filter continuously traps and breaks down formaldehyde molecules¹ into water and CO₂. And it never needs replacing.

Purifies the whole room

Only Dyson purifiers have Air Multiplier™ technology. It generates the circulation power to draw even distant pollutants into the machine, projecting purified air throughout the room.²

Fully sealed to HEPA H13

In our latest purifiers, it's not just the filter that meets HEPA H13 standard, it's the whole machine.³ So what goes inside, stays inside.

Precisely detects formaldehyde

Our latest purifiers use a solid-state sensor to detect formaldehyde molecules 500 times smaller than 0.3 microns and maintains precision for the lifetime of the machine.

Features

Heats when needed⁶

With long-range projection, it’s quick to heat the whole room evenly.²

Cools you when needed

A powerful stream of purified airflow can cool you down when desired.

Backward airflow mode

Diverts airflow through the back of the machine. To purify, without cooling you.⁴

App control

Control and monitor your air quality from anywhere using the MyDyson app⁵. Heating cannot be controlled via the MyDyson app due to safety standard UL 1278, as required by the US government. Please use remote to control heating.

Voice control

Control it hands-free with compatible voice services. Works with Amazon Alexa, Apple Siri, and Google Home.