Intense Volume Matte Lipstick

A color-intense matte lipstick with 16-hour wear. The formula is non-drying, with a smudge-proof, weightless finish that feels comfortable all day long.

$13.99                        

Buy online

find it nearby

MakeUp TryOn

Try Before you Buy

LIVE TRY ON

PRODUCT DETAILS

Colour Riche Intense Volume Matte Lipstick is equipped with a slim bullet for precise application to fill your lips with intense color. The formula is infused with hyaluronic acid for fuller, softer and healthier lips with each swipe. The matte lipstick:

Comes in 22 vibrant shades to suit a variety of different skin tones

Doesn’t bleed, feather or migrate

Has a long-wearing, powdery finish

Never looks flat or dry

 

HOW TO USE

Step 1. Line your lips with the Colour Riche Lip Liner of your choice.

Step 2. Starting in the center of your upper lip, swipe the lipstick bullet against your lips, working to the outer edges of your lips.

Step 3. Glide the bullet across the entire bottom lip.

Pro tip - Follow the contour of your mouth for a natural look or fill in the space between your lip liner if you're overlining your lips to make them appear bigger.
 

INGREDIENTS

Hyaluronic Acid

Hyaluronic Acid (HA) is a potent hydration-attracting molecule naturally found in the skin, but we lose it as we age which leads to a lack of firmness and dryness. It forms an imperceptible film on the skin which also prevents moisture loss. Hyaluronic acid is a safe ingredient used by dermatologists for its intensely hydrating and replumping properties.

Other Ingredients:

Dimethicone, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenyl Trimethicone, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Hydrogenated Jojoba Oil, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Isostearyl Isostearate, Kaolin, Paraffin, Isohexadecane, Nylon-12, Vinyl Dimethicone/Methicone Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Cera Microcristallina / Microcrystalline Wax / Cire Microcristalline, Polyethylene, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Synthetic Wax, Triethoxysilylethyl Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Serica Powder / Silk Powder / Poudre De Soie, Perlite, Alumina, Citronellol, Trihydroxystearin, Limonene, Geraniol, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Benzyl Alcohol, Sodium Hyaluronate, Magnesium Silicate, Silica, Tocopherol, Tin Oxide, Glucomannan, Parfum / Fragrance [+/- May Contain: Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499 / Iron Oxides, Mica, Ci 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, Ci 15850 / Red 7, Ci 15985 / Yellow 6 Lake, Ci 45410 / Red 28 Lake, Ci 19140 / Yellow 5 Lake, Ci 45380 / Red 22 Lake, Ci 42090 / Blue 1 Lake]. Fil N281335/1
 

Lipstick

Bold

Intense Color

Plumping

Long-Lasting

Non-Drying

Hyaluronic Acid

SEE IT IN ACTION

 

Le Nude Admirable

            Colour Riche
        

Intense Volume Matte Lipstick

Live try on

Buy online