Powerful 15-amp variable speed soft start motor provides speeds from 8,000 to 23,000 RPM
Plunging base locks in downward position for functionality as both a plunge and a fixed router
Accepts both 1/4 and 1/2-inch router bits with a plunge depth of up to 2-3/8 inches
7-stop turret combined with both macro and micro-adjustment dials maximize precision
Includes a hard-shelled carrying case, a multi-function straight-edge fence, a template guide, a circle-cutting centering pin, a fence scale, a 1-1/2-inch dust collection duct, and a two-year warranty
Remember when you had versatility and power all in the palm of your hand? Do you fancy chamfers and v-grooves or are you partial towards rabbets and dados? We won’t judge. That’ll just be between you and your router. Make intricate patterns in both the exterior and interior of your workpieces with the WEN 15-Amp Variable Speed Plunge Router. This versatile machine features a variable speed 15-amp motor, providing users speeds from 8,000 to 23,000 rotations per minute. The 1/2-inch collet includes an additional 1/4-inch adapter, allowing for compatibility with a wide variety of bits. Our soft startup design prevents damage to your workpiece and lengthens the tool’s lifespan. The spring-loaded base features a lock-down knob to turn your plunge router into a fixed router. The intricate depth stop system features a 7-stop turret, a depth adjustment dial that advances the depth stop 5/16 of an inch per quarter turn, and a fine-tune adjustment dial that advances it 1/128 of an inch per quarter turn. The included guide fence lets users rout perfectly straight lines, helping to create dadoes and grooves along the workpiece. This kit comes packed with accessories, including a hard-shelled blow mold carrying case, a 1-1/2 inch dust collection duct, a bit-changing wrench, a straight-edge guide fence, a fence scale, a centering pin for cutting circles, a profile guide for routing edges of curvy workpieces, and a template guide for creating more complex shapes. And, because its a WEN product, your woodworking router comes backed by a two-year warranty, a nationwide network of skilled service technicians and a friendly customer help line. Remember when you stepped your carpentry up a notch? Remember WEN.