















Compact Wave Soft Close - Quiet 25L Microwave | Breville (US)
























































































































Skip to main content












































Return to  Microwaves












the Compact Wave™ Soft Close











































































                Compact microwave that’s big on convenience.
              






With a 25L capacity, the Compact Wave Soft Close is big on convenience. Take the guesswork out of cooking, precisely reheating, gently defrosting and cooking delicious food with easy shortcuts and a food menu. Engineered with a soft close door which is 80% quieter*
Learn more about our Wave Range

               *Compared to BMO735 door closing sound (99.6dBA), the soft close door sound is 81.5dBA based on independent laboratory testing performed on 21/06/2018.
           
























Product DNA




















Compact size




The Compact Wave Soft Close has a compact footprint with a 25L capacity. It has all the room you need to cook, defrost and reheat delicious meals.




























Cooking shortcuts & food menu




The Compact Wave Soft Close features one touch auto buttons including Reheat, Defrost, Popcorn & Beverage that provide access to your favorite setting for your convenience. Create quick and easy snacks using the Food Menu functions: reheat pizza, defrost vegetables or cook potatoes in less time.




























Soft close door




Engineered with a soft close door which is 80% quieter*, the Smooth Wave also gives you clever touches like child lock, mute button and 30 second instant start. It means less beeps, bumps and clangs, and more pops, bites and crunches.




























Defrost & reheat functions




The Defrost function is designed to gently defrost food without overheating and drying out the edges. The Reheat function uses lower power levels to gently reheat food without drying or overcooking.




























Child lock




Ensuring your child stays safe is only one touch away thanks to the Child Lock button.

























                  Dimensions (WxDxH)
                 






19.1" x 16.4" x 11.5"

















                  Construction Materials
                 






gray fascia 
Painted metal housing and Cavity

















                  Capacity
                 






0.9 cu.ft/25L

















                  Settings
                 






Popcorn, Beverage, Food Menu, Defrost, Reheat, Power Level Adjustment, Child Lock, Clock Setting

















                  Power
                 






900W

















                  Voltage
                 






120V

















                  Warranty
                 






1 Year Limited Product Warranty










Show more details


























Your Breville, Brought to Life 



        Preview our machines in your very own kitchen
    


Using sophisticated AR technology, you can realistically envision our Breville machines on your own kitchen counter.










































































 


















Support
 














 
 






Instruction Manual
 
















 
 






Product Registration
 
















 
 






Return Policies
 
















 
 






Warranty & Repairs
 























































                  Find a retailer
               







                  Blog
               







                  Remanufactured Products
               







                  Register a product
               








Sign Up


My Breville














United States


















Signed up to Breville emails








Be the first to know about our product releases!










Please enter a valid email address, like 
[email protected]










You agree to receive promotions, surveys and more from us and our affiliated brands and you have read our 
Privacy Policy.
 You can unsubscribe at any time.








Sign Up










You have signed up already












Something went wrong. Please try again.




































































Support









                        Register a Product
                     







                        Support Center
                     







                        Breville Innovation Program
                     







                        FAQ
                     







                        Warranty
                     







                        Return Policy
                     







                        Retailer Terms & Conditions
                     







                        Promotional Terms & Conditions
                     







                        Earned Cashback Promotion 2023 Terms and Conditions
                     







                        eGift Cards Terms & Conditions
                     







                        eGift Cards FAQ
                     







                        Job Candidate Policy
                     







                        Careers
                     







                        Open Source Acknowledgments
                     







                        California AB 1200 Statement
                     












About Breville









                        About Us
                     







                        Patents
                     







                        Breville Affiliates Program
                     







                        Diversity & Inclusion
                     







                        Social Responsibility
                     







                        Modern Slavery Act
                     







                        Terms Of Use
                     







                        EULA
                     







                        Privacy Notice
                     







                        Cookie Notice
                     







                        Site Map
                     














© 2023 Breville USA. All rights reserved.















































