Rapid IPS – Provides 1ms GTG fast response time, optimizes screen colors and brightness.

Quantum Dot – Provide accurate color imagery and support a cinema-standard DCI-P3 color gamut.

WQHD High Resolution – Games will look even better, displaying more details.

165Hz Refresh Rate – Respond faster with smoother frames.

1ms GTG Response Time – Eliminate screen tearing and choppy frame rates.

NVIDIA G-Sync Compatible – Prevent screen tearing or stuttering, producing ultra-smooth lag-free gameplay.

Gaming OSD App – Create the perfect viewing settings for your games.

Adjustable Stand – Easily change the position of the monitor for maximum ergonomics.

HDR Ready – Stunning visuals through contrast and shadow adjustment.

Night Vision – Smart black tuner to brighten your day by bringing out the fine details in dark areas.

Mystic Light – The ultimate gaming finish.

USB Type C – Effortlessly connect to any device.

Wide Color Gamut – Game colors and details will look more realistic and refined.

Conquer the Battlefield

The MAG series was born through rigorous quality testing and designed to be a symbol of sturdiness and durability. Focused on providing the best user experience, the MAG series has a simple installation process coupled with a friendly user interface making it the best choice for entry level gamers.

Visualize your victory with MSI Optix MAG274QRF-QD eSports gaming monitor. Equipped with a 165hz Refresh rate, 1ms GTG response time panel, Optix MAG274QRF-QD will give you the competitive edge you need to take down your opponents. The WQHD (2560x1440) high resolution and the Quantum Dot technology will let you experience the mesmerizing images. Enjoy extremely smooth, tear-free gameplay with built-in NVIDIA G-Sync Compatible technology when paired with a compatible NVIDIA graphics card.

Rapid IPS display provides gamers with an ultra-fast 1ms GTG response time, which will significantly reduce monitor blur occurrence. The crystal clear image will certainly give you a competitive edge for precise decisions in fast-moving games.

The liquid crystal molecules of Rapid IPS display rotate as fast as the tornado. With the speed going up to 4x faster than normal liquid crystal molecules, the response time can be shortened to 1ms GTG (gray to gray) to eliminate monitor blur and provide crystal clear images.

Quantum Dot technology lets you experience mesmerizing images bursting with a dazzling range of over one billion colors, each upscale to incredible clarity thanks to our intelligent processor.

Optix series gaming monitor is equipped with an IPS panel that produces no image distortion and minimum color shifts when viewed from different angles. Additionally, the IPS panel will offer clear images and instantly optimize screen color and brightness to ensure that you enjoy every scene at its best.

The Optix series eSports gaming monitor feature a WQHD panel that supports resolution up to 2560x1440. This 16:9 panel allows gamers to examine bigger game scenes compared to other traditional FHD panels, and put them ahead of other competitors.

Optix monitors are equipped with a 165hz refresh rate and 1ms GTG response time panel which has the most benefit in fast moving game genres such as first person shooters, fighters, racing sims, real-time strategy, and sports. These type of games require very fast and precise movements, which an ultra-high refresh rate and fast response time monitor will put you ahead of your competition.

Challenge any game without screen tearing, stuttering, flicker, or artifacts. G-SYNC compatible dynamically matches the refresh rate of the display to the frame rate of the GPU.

With the Gaming OSD app it is very easy to setup your gaming monitor. Just use your Keyboard and Mouse to configure your monitor. The app even gives you hotkey options so you can switch settings between different games in a ease.

The MSI Optix Gaming monitor is built to make you as comfortable as possible while gaming. Through adjustments of tilting (-5°~20°), lowering and raising (0~100mm), swiveling (-75°~75°) and pivoting (-90°~90°), you can easily change the position of the monitor for maximum ergonomics and optimum viewing experiences.

Whether your entire screen is dark, or just a few portions have heavy shadows. Let the world's first smart black tuner brighten your day by bringing out the fine details in dark areas.

With MSI Mystic Light, the Optix MAG series gaming monitor lights provide a soft ambient light that can easily be synced with any other Mystic Light enabled gaming product. Select any of the colors from the palette using your smartphone or the Mystic Light App to match your system style to your taste. Or just turn on gaming echo, letting your monitor back light dance to music you play on the computer.

This MSI Optix gaming monitor supports USB Type-C connection, allowing you to power your devices (up to 15W) and effortlessly connect to any device.

The Optix series gaming monitors have more gamut coverage compared to general monitors