32” class VA panel and curvature radius of 1500R create the flawless image quality of the AOC C32G2E. With only 1ms response time and a refresh rate of 165Hz, the monitor provides a smooth and powerful experience.

A 165Hz refresh rate, well over twice the industry standard of 60Hz, makes games run smooth as silk. Realize the potential in your graphics card. Forget screen tearing and forget motion blur. Feel your reflexes become one with the action. Never look back.

MPRT is an acronym for moving picture response time. MPRT technology disables and enables your monitor backlight during picture changes. Through the reduced time a frame is shown on the monitor, “ghosting” and “blurring” effects are reduced, resulting in a smoother, more “fluid” feeling gaming experience.

The AMD FreeSync Technology ensures that the GPU’s and monitor’s refresh rates are synchronised, which provides a smooth, tear free gaming experience. You will appreciate the low input lag if you’re looking for the best quality visuals in fast paced games.

Curved design wraps around you putting you at the center of the action and provides an immersive gaming experience.

Expand your view with multiple monitor set-up. The narrow border and frameless design offer the minimal bezel distraction for the ultimate battle station.

Unleash your reflexes by switching to the AOC Low Input Lag mode. Forget graphical frills: this mode rewires the monitor in favour of raw response time, giving the ultimate edge in hair trigger stand offs.

Tailor your display to the game with a click of a button. Switch settings between in-built presets for FPS, racing, or RTS games, or customise your own ideal conditions and save them. The AOC Settings KeyPad makes switching profiles or adjusting features quick and easy.

Bring the battle out of the shadows with AOC Shadow Control and AOC Game Color! Adjust grey levels for better picture detail and brighten dark areas or sink them back into blackness on the fly, without affecting the rest of the display.

AOC G-Menu is a free tool that you can install on your PC to have complete customization paired with maximum convenience.