



















41 Inch Wide 24 Inch Deep Roller Cabinet, PWS Series by Extreme Tools®








































































 
















 




























 




 










Home


Products


About us


Warranty


Contact

















				Search			


















Menu












 

















				Search			






























































 












 












 












 












 












 












 










Click to enlarge












 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 






















 

					Home				



					Products				



					Roller Cabinets				



					Extreme Tools® 41″ 11 Drawer 24″ Deep Roller Cabinet				


 












 





						Extreme Tools® 72” 17 Drawer Professional Triple Bank Roller Cabinet					















			Back to products		












 





						Extreme Tools® RX Series, 19" 7 Drawer Professional Side Box					



















	
	Extreme Tools® 41″ 11 Drawer 24″ Deep Roller Cabinet
	














Color Selection




Choose an option
Black
Red
Clear
 










 








Compare











				SKU:			



				PWS4124RCTX			




Category:
 
Roller Cabinets


Tag:
 
PWS Series






Share:

































































									Description								











									Specs								











									Schematics:								











									About PWS Series								











									Documentation:								











									Warranty Registration:								

















							Description						












A roller cabinet for larger tool collections


The Extreme Tools® 41 Inch Wide 24 Inch Deep Roller Cabinet has a rugged textured finish that makes it a popular choice for your  shop. It offers additional space for your tools, and a variety of drawer sizes to store everything you need to get the job done.


When portability is important, the 
PWS Series
 cabinet rolls smoothly on 5-inch heavy-duty casters, with a sturdy chrome side handle that can be mounted on either side.


Patented quick-release self-latching drawer pulls


You’ll appreciate the range of drawer sizes. In particular, the extra-wide top drawer with room for extra bulky tools, and extra-deep bottom drawers that fit bulky tools and equipment. Also, the toolbox design incorporates exclusive quick-release self-latching drawer pulls. These keep the drawers securely closed, even when you’re moving the tool box.


You’ll appreciate the quality of 24 Inch Deep Roller Cabinet construction




The drawers slide easily on heavy-duty ball-bearing slides. As a result. you can store up to 200 lbs. in drawers with double slides and 100 lbs. in those with single slides. Also, each of the four five-inch casters can support up to 600 lbs.


You’ll be able to get a lot of work done on the tough work surface, as a result of the PVC-coated MDF made surface. The cabinet features a weather-resistant textured finish, and it’s available in 2 colors as well. Both Black (PWS4124RCXKC) and Red (PWS4124RCXRC) with chrome drawer pulls.


We’ve included EVA drawer liners, which are great at protecting and extending the life of your tools. Plus, the contents will be secure, even when you’re away, locked up with the tubular coded lock system.


24″ Deep Roller Cabinet Drawer dimensions




1 drawer:   37.4″W x 19.9″D x 5.25″H


3 drawers: 23.5″W x 19.9″D x 2.4″H


1 drawer:   23.5″W x 19.9″D x 5.25″H


1 drawer:   23.5″W x 19.9″D x 8.25″H


3 drawers:  11.7″W x 19.9″D x 2.4″H


1 drawer:    11.7″W x 19.9″D x 5.25″H


1 drawer:    11.7″W x 19.9″D x 8.25″H




Features and Benefits of the Extreme Tools 41″ Roller Cabinet:




Overall Dimensions: 41″W x 24″D x 41.5″H


11 self-latching, heavy-duty drawers with full-width aluminum drawer pulls


Heavy-duty ball-bearing drawer slides, load-rated at 100 for single and 200 lbs. per double set


One extra-wide and four extra-deep drawers to fit tools of every shape and size


Textured, weather-resistant finish, available in 2 colors. Black (PWS4124RCXKC) as well as red (PWS4124RCXRC) with chrome drawer pulls


Tubular coded lock system


Four 5” x 2” casters (two locking swivels and two rigid), load-rated at 600 lbs. each


Chrome handle that mounts on either side of cabinet


EVA drawer liners to protect your tools


Heavy-duty PVC-coated MDF work surface

















							Specs						
















Weight


335 lbs


Dimensions


41.54 × 24 × 41.81 in






Size


41"




Total Capacity


11.77








Product Materials


Steel / Aluminum




Caster Channel Gauge


14








Caster Size


5"x 2"




Caster Type


2 Locking Swivel & 2 Rigid








Number of Casters


4




Warranty


Limited 5 Year








Finish


German AkzoNobel High Gloss Powder Coat




Lock Style


ABA Tubular coded lock and chrome plated bezel & keys EX01, EX02, EX03 and EX04








Number of Drawers


6




Sets of Drawer Slides


9 (Full-extension ball bearing slides)








Drawer Liner


Quiet ride PVC foam drawer liner




Caster Capacity


600 lbs per caster








Series


PWS Series




Color Selection


Black, Red








Top Panel


19 gauge




Bottom Panel


14 gauge








Back Panel


19 gauge




Side panels


19 gauge








Top Reinforce Support


21 gauge




Inner Panel


19 gauge








Drawer back


21 gauge




Drawer body


21 gauge








Drawer front


19 gauge




Drawer Load Rating


100/200 lbs per drawer (fully extended)








Drawer Pulls


Formed steel with high gloss powder coating




Vertical Side Trim


Formed steel with high gloss powder coating








Quick Release draw pull


DX style, steel formed drawer pull handle




Side Handles


Oblong shape steel tubing with welded bracket, powder coat finish








Shipping Weight


366.1 lbs





















							Schematics:						



























							About PWS Series						


















PWS Series










Extreme Tools® PWS Series takes tool storage to a whole new level. These state-of-the-art tool boxes have been one of our top sellers for years! Our Extreme Portable Workstations® make organizing and storing your tools easy and convenient. These compact units hold over 250 tools and allow you to easily find what you need at a glance.
 










What makes the PWS Series Extreme?










Extreme Portable Workstations® are designed to make your life easier when it comes to keeping track of your tools and storing them. There are pegs, slots, and holders for a variety of hand tools: combination wrenches., screwdrivers, nut drivers, ratchets, extensions, deep & shallow sockets, specialty tools and more… Every square inch of space is utilized in the most efficient way. The socket pegs are attached to panels which lift or to drawer fronts that open to reveal even more storage. Plus, to make them convenient, they are outfitted with a 3-outlet power strip with 2 USB ports and a power tool rack that can hold up to 4 power tools so you can lock it up and keep your power tools charging. The closed, locked lid safely holds the tools in place even if you are traveling with it.


The PWS Series is built to be tough. We start with heavy-duty 16-gauge steel to create each workstation. All seams are welded so they are strong and resistant to water. The lids have weather stripping along the interior edge to further resist water and dust from getting inside when they are closed. A weather-resistant, textured powder coat finish is applied to each workstation to resist chemicals, scratches and stains. Two of the Extreme Portable Workstations® are designed to be in a workshop or to travel in a work truck or UTV. Your tools are held in place with the locked lid.












PWS Deluxe Extreme Portable










If you are looking for a bigger unit with even more innovative storage features, the PWS Series offers that, too. The 41” Deluxe Extreme Portable Workstation® is the top-of-the-line version of our workstations. Along with holding and organizing over 220 small hand tools, sockets, screwdrivers, nut drivers, ratchets, etc., this model has a built-in 29-piece drill bit holder and 6-piece pliers rack. The socket pegs and small parts trays are attached to 2 drawer fronts that pull out to reveal even more storage. The drawers can be fully loaded because they use 100 lbs. full-extension, ball-bearing slides. The deluxe features don’t stop there. This patented design also has a power tool rack with a 3-outlet and 2 USB port power strip. So, you can lock it up and keep your power tools charging.


The deluxe model takes the workstation design beyond just our basic models and has even more innovative features, but please note that this unit intended for indoor use only. There is a pull-out side shelf which makes a convenient work surface and a side drawer. The side drawer is unique because it has a built-in power strip and is large enough to hold up to a 17” laptop. So, if you need to look up anything on your computer, everything is right there at your fingertips… easy and convenient.


To be able to move the 41” Deluxe Extreme Portable Workstation® around your garage, we offer a matching 41” roller cabinet with the same textured, powder coat finish. All of the workstations can be placed on one of Extreme Tools® roller cabinets or carts to make them portable and easily accessible in your work space.


Ingenuity and state-of-the-art practicality are what make the PWS Series Extreme Portable Workstations® the next generation in tool storage!























							Documentation:						
















Documentation Library




EXTREME TOOLS DOCUMENTATION




Read our Collection of PDFs




 








 








DELIVERY & FREIGHT INSPECTION GUIDE
 












 








 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








MANUFACTURER WARRANTY
 












 













							Warranty Registration:						


















REGISTER YOUR EXTREME TOOLS WARRANTY










Please fill out and submit your warranty registration using the Form below within 30 days of your purchase.












WARRANTY REGISTRATION FORM














 






















 First Name


 




 Address


 




 State


 




 Phone






 Model Number


 




 Retailer's Name


 








 Last Name


 




 City


 




 Zip Code






 Email Address






 Serial Number


 




 Purchase Date


 








92621










 








 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








ALTERNATIVE METHODS
 
Alternatively, you can 
Download your Warranty Registration Form
, 
fill it out and Send it to us by choosing any of the following methods:










 








 








EMAIL
 
help@extremetools.com












 








 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








MAILING ADDRESS
 
Extreme Tools®️, Inc. 740 Frontenac Rd, Naperville, IL 60563 U.S.A












 








 








FAX
 
815-254-1930














 
























 


 












Extreme Tools Inc.
 
 2023 All Rights Reserved
 










 






 











							Search						




48048














Home


Products


About Us


Warranty


Contact




 













							Search						




71137




Start typing to see products you are looking for.














 











































