The kitchen appliance you’ll reach for time and time again.

Slow cook a pot roast, sear a steak, sous vide a fish fillet and much, much more, all using the same versatile appliance. The Wolf Gourmet
®
 Multi-Function Cooker has five different modes dedicated to slow cooking, along with specialized functions for sauté/sear, sous vide, and rice.

With so many customizable and intelligent features, there’s no shortage of ways to use this multi-purpose appliance to your advantage. Pre-program your dish to cook on two different temperatures, or program your meal to be ready exactly when you want to serve your meal. Another special setting ensures you’ll never overcook a piece of meat again; it will cook your food to the exact temperature you specify using an included temperature probe, making for fall-off-the-bone ribs and mouth-watering pork shanks. You can also use the included stainless steel vessel just like a Dutch oven, both on the stove and in the oven. Because there are so many different ways to use the Wolf Gourmet
®
 Multi-Function Cooker, this tool is sure to become a part of your regular routine in the kitchen.

Key Features:

Manual Slow Cook:
 Cook on low, medium, or high heat for up to 24 hours

Meal Timer:
 Set the number of cooking hours based on when you want to serve the meal so you’re not limited by the recipe time

Program:
 Select one or two heat settings and cooking times for customized cooking, or insert the temperature probe into the food and set the temperature to your preferred doneness

Rice:
 Cook 6-18 cups of white or brown rice

Sauté/Sear:
 Precise sautéing and searing on low, medium, and high temperature settings

Sous Vide:
 Gently bring foods to a precise temperature in a warm water bath using the probe

Versatile Cooking Vessel Included: 
Removable, 7 quart, stainless steel tri-ply vessel can be used like a Dutch oven, both in the oven and on any cooktop, including induction

Better meals are close at hand.
Wolf, the brand synonymous with delicious results, presents Wolf Gourmet – countertop appliances and kitchen tools that embody the precision control of their larger counterparts. From prepping ingredients to the finished dish, with Wolf Gourmet, the dish you envision will be the dish you serve.

Five Ways to Slow Cook
The Wolf Gourmet
®
 Multi-Function Cooker can do so much more than slow cook on low, medium and high. Flexible program settings allow you to tailor the cooking process to your needs with extreme precision, whether you want to cook your meal to an exact temperature or you want it to be ready to serve at a specific time.

Extra Features
In addition to flexible slow cooking functions, this hard-working kitchen tool can sear and sauté, sous vide, and cook rice.

Manual Slow Cook
Just add your ingredients, then use this traditional slow cook setting to cook on low, medium, or high heat for up to 24 hours. Switch to the warm setting once your meal is ready if you’re not ready to serve it yet.

Meal Timer Slow Cook
Set the number of cooking hours based on when you want to serve the meal. The temperature will be automatically determined based on the cook time you select.

Program Slow Cook
Select one or two heat settings and two cooking times for customized cooking. Or, insert the temperature probe into the food and set the exact temperature you want it to reach.

Sauté/Sear
Conveniently sauté or sear foods on low, medium or high heat settings in the stainless steel vessel. This function is especially great for browning foods before or after you cook them using the slow cook or sous vide settings.

Sous Vide
Gently cook fish, steak, and more to the exact desired temperature in a warm water bath. The included probe constantly measures the water temperature so your food will cooked to the precise temperature you intended.

White and Brown Rice
Cook between 6 and 18 cups of white or brown rice with the rice setting.

Stainless Steel Vessel
The removable 7 quart tri-ply stainless steel insert can be used on any cooktop, including induction, and is dishwasher safe.

Temperature Probe
Insert the temperature probe into a whole chicken, beef roast, and more before starting the selected mode to cook your dish to a precise temperature.

Intuitive LCD panel
The LCD screen keeps you informed about every detail during the cooking process, from cooking durations to temperature feedback.

Removable Sous Vide Rack
The removable sous vide rack included ensures your food stays submerged under water, so food cooks evenly.