Experience photography and media on another level with Alcatel 1S. Take professional-level photos with Alcatel 1S’ triple camera with macro, super wide-angle and AI capabilities.
Enjoy hours of streaming music, HD video and gaming with an Octa-Core processor, powerful RAM and ROM and a 4000mAh battery. View immersively on a 6.22-inch HD+ Vast display.
Get instant support with the push of a dedicated Google Assistant Button. It’s completed with a sleek S-curve design and front 2.5D glass for a glossy finish that catches the light.

Intelligent triple camera
Take your moments to a higher level with Alcatel 1S' AI triple camera. Whether you're shooting food, fireworks or flowers, its 13MP camera with AI scene detection makes sure your pictures are excellent every time in 22 different shooting scenarios. Get detailed close-ups using Alcatel 1S' 2MP macro lens. Add beautiful bokeh blur to portraits and fit the whole scene in the frame with its super wide-angle 5MP camera. A front 5MP camera with LCD flash gives you brighter, clearer selfies.

Powerful performance
Go non-stop with Alcatel 1S' powerful performance. An efficient Octa-Core processor, 3GB RAM and 32GB ROM and a 4000mAh battery provide you smooth multitasking for hours of enjoyment*. So listen to your full music playlist. Binge-watch hours of streaming HD video. Marathon your favorite game. Alcatel 1S will keep up.

Google Assistant Button
Alcatel 1S comes with a dedicated Google Assistant Button for effortless accessibility. Google Assistant on mobile is always with you to help get things done and plan ahead so you can focus on what matters most. Just say “Hey Google” or press the Google Assistant Button to get started. Easily manage tasks, keep in touch, get directions and control your home wherever you go. Stay one step ahead with smart suggestions and reminders right when you need them, directly on your phone screen. Get things done whether you’re driving, on the go or at home.

Smooth visual experience
Live expansively with a 6.22-inch HD+ Vast Display. Enjoy larger-than-life media you can hold comfortably in the hand with an 19:9 aspect ratio that provides an immersive visual experience.

S-curve design
Be ahead of the curve with an Aurora-inspired S-curve design that sends light flowing down your phone. Alcatel 1S is sleek to the eye and comfortable in the hand with front 2.5D glass.