OnePlus 8T

Ultra Fast Charging.

Ultra Smooth Scrolling.

120 Hz Fluid Display

Warp Charge 65

Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 865 with 5G

48 MP Quad Camera

Stunning, sublime, seamless and smooth. Welcome to 120 Hz.

Meet our fastest ever charging solution. 1 day's power. 15 minutes. No nonsense.

Handle with care. We unleashed the dragon for some serious speed.

Perfect for people, places and pets. Seeing really is believing.

Aquamarine Green

Lunar Silver

Product Video

OnePlus 8T

Play the Video

Every frame is good enough to frame

The OnePlus 8T’s 6.55" Fluid AMOLED display delivers excellence in each frame. Transform your onscreen experience with a 120 Hz Fluid Display for seamless scrolling. And with a super-low response latency, swiping is believing.

Color that pops and never stops

What makes our display world-class? Extreme color accuracy that makes every movie pop, every game shine, and every photo come to life. And with the subtle gradients of HDR 10+, images are more exciting and enticing.

Easy on the eyes

With 1,100 nits and 8,192 levels of automatic brightness, every frame looks more natural with improved clarity for enjoyable viewing. Your social media, photos and favorite websites have never looked better.

Don’t just take our word for it

A+ rating from DisplayMate, HDR 10+ and SGS certification

Your frame-rate won’t drop, but your jaw will

Next-level gaming arrives on the OnePlus 8T. Experience desktop gaming performance on mobile. Get your gaming edge with silky-smooth visuals with every tap and swipe.

So much speed, it's actually amazing

A massive 4,500 mAh battery powers your mobile life all-day long. But speed matters too. That’s why Warp Charge 65 is our fastest ever charging solution. Enjoy a day's power in 15 minutes.

One charger, many devices

Avoid clutter and tangled cables. Warp Charge 65 powers more than just the OnePlus 8T. The 65W charger can also turbo charge compatible phones, tablets and even laptops.

Powered by a dragon

Setting a new performance benchmark, the flagship Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 865 delivers blazing fast speed to power through every task. Optimized for performance, photography and gaming, do more of what you love in less time.

The future is 5G. Welcome to the future.

Imagine downloading one HD movie in just 6 seconds. That’s 100 times faster than 4G. In fact, do everything faster: streaming movies, downloading your Spotify library, and gaming. You’ll be saving almost a full day every month.

Waiting is a thing of the past

Access the data that matters to you even faster: view photos, listen to music, watch movies, and everything else. Tap and go with UFS 3.1 – it’s 3x faster than UFS 3.0 while being more power-efficient.

Cool inside and out

A dedicated, multi-layered gaming grade cooling system keeps the internals cool even when the action gets hot – do it all from gaming, watching 4K movies, to live streaming.

Yes, it vibrates - a lot

With enhanced haptics 2.0, screen vibrations make it feel like you're pressing a physical button. Touch feedback is perfect for posting on social media, intense gaming, or notifications.

Sound so good, it moves you

Dive into an ocean of expansive 3D soundscapes with full Dolby Atmos support. Take the cinema experience wherever you go with powerful dual stereo speakers.

Gaming just got serious

Designed for power gamers, supercharge your mobile gaming with the brand-new Gaming Tools featuring Mis-touch Prevention and improved notification control. Get your game on with Fnatic Mode, Screen Recorder, Floating Window (for social media), and more for immersive gaming.

Designed to Perfection

Meticulously crafted, the slim contours create a perfect frame bringing the OnePlus 8T to life. The breathtaking, flowing display creates a completely seamless landscape connecting edge to stunning edge. A visual feast for the eyes, industry-leading design personifies the Never Settle spirit of OnePlus.

Looks good, feels great

The OnePlus 8T in Aquamarine Green seamlessly blends a classic Jade motif with a precision crafted glass finish. The Lunar Silver color showcases a captivating matte AG texture that’s easy to grip and impossible to let go of.

Even more reasons to smile

From places to faces, capture your favorite moments forever with an advanced high-resolution 48 MP camera. It’s perfect for casual snaps of people and pets indoors and out. Go wide or get close for professional-grade photos and shoot ultra-smooth videos.

Lights, camera, OnePlus 8T

Shoot and edit thrilling 4K video at 60 fps like a pro. Get artful with cool video bokeh effects to give scenes a refreshing, unique look. Or