Mi 11
Overview
Specs
Movie Magic
Cinematic 108MP   
SOUND BY Harman Kardon
WQHD+ 120Hz display   
Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 888
Film like a director 
Mi 11 is made for movie lovers.
 Xiaomi has combined exceptional hardware with cutting edge cinematic software, 
to offer a variety of incredibly creative yet easy-to-use videography features.
Studio-level cameras 
108MP 
wide-angle camera with OIS
13MP 
ultra-wide angle camera
5MP 
telemacro camera
One-Click AI Cinema
Shoot like a director
With exceptional movie effects anyone can be a director. 
Use One-Click AI Cinema to easily turn your videos into cinematic masterpieces. 
Time Freeze 
Magic Zoom
Slow Shutter
Night Time-lapse
Freeze Frame Video
Parallel World
Cinematic video filters
Edit like a studio
Eight cinematic filters to set the right tone for your videos.
Ultra Night Video
Light up your shoots
Ultra Night Video, uses RAW-level AI real-time noise reduction and brightness enhancement, offering improved lighting and brighter night videography. 
Even in dim light
Ultra Night Video. Makes it possible to shoot in extreme darkness (luminance<1 Lux). Thanks to AI real-time noise reduction in RAW-level and light enhancement algorithms, the images are automatically brightened and retain more detail.
HDR10+ video recording
Bringing more clarity to your video, clearly showing every bright and dark detail with a picture quality closer to reality.
108MP camera
Ultra clear in every detail
FOV 123°
Ultra-wide perspective
5MP telemacro
Explore magical microcosms
Three times the 
Night mode 
Mi 11 enhances light and reduces over exposure, expanding night photography to three cameras 
so that you can fulfill all of your night shooting needs.
108MP
Ultra wide
Front
AI Erase 2.0
The advanced AI algorithm removes undesirable objects and lines. Make your photos as perfect as you imagined.
A display without compromises
This is a near-perfect screen, with immaculate clarity, color, and smoothness.
Mi 11 set 13 new records and received an A+ rating from DisplayMate, one of the most reliable display evaluation agencies in the world.*
Breathtaking clarity with WQHD+
WQHD+ ultra-high resolution (3200x1440) provides almost 1.8 times pixel-counts than FHD+ screens displaying more detail, while also allowing you to experience 1440p high resolution video content*. In addition, Mi 11 uses the latest E4 Organic Electroluminescence material, making for a more power efficient screen.
360p
720p
* For demonstration purposes only.
With the Super Resolution technology, the video quality is doubled, from 480p to 960p and 720p to 1440p, supporting all mainstream video platforms*. Watch your favorite old clips and videos with new clarity.
*All resolutions above currently support 2x upscaling. 3x upscaling for select resolutions will be available soon via OTA update.
Seamless visuals 
and feedback
120Hz refresh rate with AdaptiveSync
The refresh rate of up to 120Hz lets you enjoy a seamless and smooth screen experience, especially when gaming. The AdaptiveSync display automatically selects the best-suited refresh rate giving a smoother result while also optimizing power consumption. 
480Hz touch sampling rate
The 480Hz maximum touch sampling rate is Xiaomi's fastest screen response speed to date. The screen responds to your actions faster than ever, putting you one step ahead when gaming.
Rich and vivid colors, 
accurately depicting the real world
With more precise colors, a wider color range, and smoother color transitions, 
the Mi 11 screen displays content in rich color as if you were looking directly at it with your own eyes.
8-bit
10-bit
TrueColor display
JNCD≈ 0.38, ΔE≈ 0.41
Wide color gamut
100% DCI-P3 (typ)
1.07 billion colors
SOUND BY Harman Kardon
High-end sound quality
SOUND BY Harman Kardon, Xiaomi has worked together with the experts to enhance the acoustics of the dual speakers, providing exquisite and crisp high-end sound quality. The spectacular audio will make you feel more immersed when watching movies and can make you forget about your surroundings when listening to your favorite playlist.
Beautiful and tough
12
g
lighter *
0.9
mm
thinner *
Quad-curved display design
Captivating and durable
Quad-curved design
for a more immersive experience
Adding hardware-level mistouch sensor to avoid unintentional touch feedback
Corning® Gorilla® Glass Victus™
The screen is now even more durable and robust with a 150% increase in drop performance and a 200% increase in scratch resistance.*
Quad-curved glass body
