Visionary Photography

Speak for yourself with the Ultra Vision Leica Quad
				Camera by capturing photos and videos anytime and anywhere you want. Revolutionize your experience of speed and
				power with the cutting-edge Kirin 990 5G Chipset. The innovative design upgrades
				your visual entertainment and ergonomic comfort. Explore now and future with HUAWEI P40 Pro.

Design

Photography

Videography

5G & Performance

Power & Charging

Security & Privacy

Intelligent Experience

Look, Touch, Feel.
Full of Excitement.

The Flowing Wonder in Your Hand

Inspired by the beauty and form of flowing water, the Quad-Curve Overflow
						Display
1
 is innovated to dissolve the barriers of vision and
						imagination on every edge. Plus with the 90 Hz refresh
						rate, you can enjoy an immersive view over the entire fluid screen. The mounting middle frame and protective
						round corners enhance the harmonious feel from your eyes to your hand.

Black

Blush Gold

Deep Sea Blue

Ice White

Silver Frost

Seize the Elegance in Depth

Reflecting the purity of nature, HUAWEI P40 Pro adopts the solid colours of Deep Sea Blue,
					Ice White, Black, Blush Gold and Silver Frost. The refractive matte finish accentuates an ethereal sense of depth
					that reveals elegance and inner
					peace in every shade.

Explore the World, Create Your Stories

Never stop exploring life and creating stories. Working as a highly
									unified system, the Ultra Vision Leica Quad Camera always backs you up to shoot any day or night, whether the
									subject is up close or at a distance. Effortlessly
									capture what you see and let it speak for what you feel.

"Best Photo Smartphone"

Learn More

50 MP Ultra Vision Camera

1/1.28 inch Ultra Vision Sensor
RYYB colour filter array
									
Octa PD Autofocus
Take in massive light and detail for super clarity.
								

12 MP Telephoto Camera

5x Optical Zoom
2
10x Hybrid Zoom
3
50x Max Zoom
Meet the unseen details.
								

40 MP Ultra Wide Cine Camera

1/1.54 inch sensor
Ultra Low-light video
Ultra Slow-motion video
Telephoto
									video
4K Time lapse video
Cinematic video camera with multiple features.

3D Depth Sensing Camera

Real-time depth detection
Create professional-level bokeh effects.
								

Discover
									more about the sophisticated camera system >

All Day, Full View, Super Definition

The industry-leading 1/1.28 inch sensor with 2.44 μm super large pixel
									size now appears in a smartphone. Plus with the RYYB colour filter array, it brings massive light, high
									dynamic range, and low noise. Supporting 4-in-1
									pixel binning and Octa PD Autofocus, the 50 MP main camera redefines super clarity shooting with precise
									details regardless of the scene complexity and light conditions. The HUAWEI XD Fusion Engine powered by the
									upgraded
									ISP and NPU is fully competent to swiftly process the huge amount of information and enhance extraordinary
									clarity at pixel-level for every picture, day or night.

Every Part Tells Another Great Story

Enjoy the grand view with the 50 MP main camera just like how your eyes see, but full
								of amazing details. Magnify any small part from the frame and you get another great shot with rich texture and
								colour.

From Here to There,
Farther and Clearer Than You See
								

The SuperZoom periscope design is known for putting several lenses into
									the compact body. Thus you can see things clearly from right before your eyes to somewhere out of sight. The
									innovative RYYB sensor brings 40%
									
4
 more light for great clarity even in low light. And the enhanced
									AIS plus OIS ensure unrivaled zooming up to 50x.

 

Be Still. Meet the Unseen Details.

No need to step forward. Everything is pulled closer with high resolution, sharp outlines
						and accurate colour. You will be able to see your favourite singer’s exclusive guitar, the text of a warning sign
						on the other side of the river
						and joyful tears on the face of an athlete. All these details deserve to be seen.

Look Your Best Without Trying Your Best

The new set of upgraded high definition 32 MP front camera with
									auto-focus and a IR depth camera work closely to produce a good selfie with natural bokeh effects. The
									intelligent optimization on lighting, skin colour and
									texture details is more accurate and personal to make you love taking selfies.
								

Remember the Wonderful Night, Capture 