Our battery-powered string trimmer lets you choose either a 13” or 15” cut for added performance and productivity whenever you want. Brushless motor with RunSmart® onboard intel. Variable speed control. Comfort-grip handle.

Switch from a 13" cut to 15" cut and use variable speed control whenever and wherever the job calls for it.

Onboard intel optimizes RPMs and torque for peak performance in the toughest conditions, giving you more power, more runtime, and longer life from your tool.

Our durable 0.080" line lets you fly right through tall and thick grass and weeds. When you pair that with the 15" cut width? Look out, lawn.

Go from a 13″ to a 15″ cut quickly with a durable 0.080″ line. That’s easy power and performance.

3-phase brushless electric motor with RunSmart® onboard intel.

Variable speed control.

Part of the 60V Flex-Force Power System®, with an interchangeable battery that works with a full line of unbeatable battery-powered yard tools.

Durable high-impact head.

Comfort grip handle—feels good, easy to hold, less vibration.

3-year tool warranty, 3-year battery warranty

“I have always wanted a brushless cordless string trimmer.”

I have always wanted a brushless cordless string trimmer. I like that you can us 13 inches or 15 inches. I read that the durable .080” line that can handle the thickest grass and toughest weeds. You choose the speed that’s right for the job. It is also a plus that the 3-phase brushless motor with RunSmart™ onboard intel optimizes RPM and torque for peak performance in the toughest conditions. And battery include, yeah!

- mich2000

“I am very pleased with my selection of this Toro string trimmer. It is not too heavy to handle. The grip has excellent positioning and is sturdy. The entire trimmer feels very substantial and well constructed. Even though it is not yet lawn care season, I was able to try it out on a warm day. It was easy to use and I was able to finish the trimming in a timely manner. It has a three year full warranty.

- Gowe

“This is the first time I have used a battery powered string trimmer and I was pleasantly surprised by the power of the Toro 60-Volt Max Lithium-Ion trimmer. Run time for the trimmer is around 45 minutes; but the length of the string could factor into a shorter run time. There are 4 indicator lights on the battery that tell how much charge is left in the battery. The cut swath blade is set from the factory at 13 inches, and can be adjusted to 15 inches by removing two screws. To replace the string, two tabs need to be pushed in on the trimmer head to remove the cover and spool. I did find it a little difficult to remove the cover at first, but replacing the string on the spool was very easy to do (trimmer line diameter must be 0.080). I think it is worth mentioning that both the trimmer and battery are backed by a 3 year warranty. The Flex Force battery used by the trimmer can also be used with other Toro products. Overall, I am very happy with the results of the string trimmer and I certainly would recommend it for anyone in the market for a new trimmer. Well done Toro!

- Gregg

“I am pleased with my new Toro 60-Volt Max Lithium-Ion Brushless Cordless 13 in. String Trimmer with 2.0 Ah Battery and Charger. It is well balanced with the battery at the top and the brushless motor at the bottom. The brushless motor provides plenty of power and it is so much less noisy than my 2-cylinder or 4-cyliner gasoline powered trimmers. It took me about 35 minutes to trim around my house, shop, sidewalks, driveway, trees and shrubs; but there was still one bar left on the battery when I finished. I was surprised that I was able to trim my entire yard with only one battery. The string is smaller and a shorter than what I have I grown accustomed to with my gasoline powered string trimmers; however, I learned to quickly adjust to the smaller string and smaller cutting radius. I would definitely recommend the Toro 60-Volt Max Lithium-Ion Brushless Cordless 13 in. String Trimmer with 2.0 Ah Battery and Charger.

- Barney

“I recently ordered and received the TORO 60-Volt Max Lithium-Ion Brushless Cordless 15 in. / 13 in. String Trimmer with the 2.0 Ah Battery and Charger. I ordered this unit to replace another battery powered string trimmer that I have been using. The difference between the two trimmers is tremendous with the TORO trimmer being far superior. The 60V TORO trimmer has a