Landscapers are demanding more cordless alternatives to gas-powered outdoor power equipment. Makita is meeting demand with an expanding line-up of cordless OPE, including the 36V (18V X2) LXT Brushless String Trimmer Kit (model XRU15PT1). With zero emissions, lower noise and considerably less maintenance than gas-powered string trimmers, the 36V (18V X2) LXT String Trimmer is a welcome solution for landscapers. It's powered by two fast-charging 18V LXT Batteries for maximum power and run time, but without leaving the strongly-preferred 18V battery platform. 
Electronic controls efficiently use battery energy to match the changing demands of the application for increased power and speed when needed. In addition, the string trimmer rotates in the same counter-clockwise direction as professional-grade trimmers, and uses industry standard spindles (M10x1.25 LH) for added convenience. 
With the efficient Makita BL brushless motor, the trimmer delivers longer run time, more power and speed, and longer tool life. Makita's efficient BL Brushless motor is electronically controlled to optimize battery energy use for up to 50% longer run time per battery charge than similar non-brushless tools. The XRU15PT features a Makita-built Outer Rotor Brushless Motor with direct drive which provides high power and increased torque.
The String Trimmer features Makita Extreme Protection Technology (XPT). XPT is a protective seal inside the tool, and is engineered for improved operation in harsh conditions by channeling water and dust from key internal components.
It’s part of Makita’s expanding 18V LXT System, the world’s largest cordless tool system powered by 18V lithium-ion slide-style batteries. Makita 18V Lithium-Ion Batteries have the fastest charge times in their categories, so they spend more time working and less time sitting on the charger.
For improved tool performance and extended battery life, Makita created Star Protection Computer Controls. Star Protection is communication technology that allows the Star Protection-equipped tool and battery to exchange data in real time and monitor conditions during use to protect against overloading, over-discharging and overheating. For increased versatility, the tool can also be powered by Makita 18V LXT and Compact Lithium-Ion Batteries with the star symbol on the battery indicating Star Protection inside.