









































Ninja® Foodi™ Power Blender & Processor System with Smoothie Bowl Maker and Nutrient Extractor* Traditional Blenders - Ninja








Up to 40% Off select Ninja products - 
SHOP NOW
 
| 
Details and exclusions apply
Home
/
Products
/
Countertop Appliances
/
Blenders & Kitchen Systems​
/
Traditional Blenders
/
Ninja® Foodi™ Power Blender & Processor System with Smoothie Bowl Maker and Nutrient Extractor*
Ninja® Foodi™ Power Blender & Processor System with Smoothie Bowl Maker and Nutrient Extractor*
Model:
SS351C
 $179.99 
 $219.99 
 You save $40.00 
Quantity
Add to Cart
Includes One (1) Year Limited Warranty
Free Shipping Over $75*
60 Day Money Back Guarantee
Official Ninja Site
For delivery by 24th December, order by 19th December
Product Description
Ninja® Foodi™ Power Blender & Processor System with Smoothie Bowl Maker and Nutrient Extractor* has Variable Speed Control with smartTORQUE™ to power through. Power Blender & Processor Pitcher is a blender, bowl maker, food processor, and dough mixer. Nutrient Extraction* Cup for smoothies. Smoothie Bowl Maker makes smoothie bowls. 1400WP.
 Product Details 
Ninja® Foodi™ Power Pitcher System Blender has Total Speed Control with smartTORQUE™ to power through at any speed and never stall. The Power Pitcher is a blender, smoothie bowl maker, food processor, and dough mixer. The Power Nutri™ Cup with to-go lid for smoothies. The Power Nutri™ Bowl with Power Paddle powers through frozen foods with less liquid for thick smoothie bowls. 1400-peak-watts. 
 
 
 • Ninja's Most Powerful Blender system that crushes, food processes, and makes smoothie bowls and dough. 
 
 • Powerful 1400-peak-watt power-dense motor with smartTORQUE™ powers through heavy loads without stalling or there is no need to stir or shake. 
 
 • Variable speed control. Start slow and ramp up as needed for precision chopping and mixing. 
 
 • 72-oz Power Blender & Processor Pitcher: crush, chop, and make smoothie bowls and dough conveniently in one pitcher (64-oz max liquid). 
 
 • 24-oz Nutrient Extraction* Cup with better breakdown for smoother extractions, smoothies, and frozen drinks (vs. BN750). 
 
 • 14-oz Smoothie Bowl Maker with built-in tamper powers through frozen foods with less liquid for perfectly thick smoothie bowls, nut butters, and blender ice cream. 
 
 • 6 preset Auto-iQ® programs for one-touch smoothies, extractions, bowls, spreads, chopping, and dough. 
 
 • *Extract a drink containing vitamins and nutrients from fruits and vegetables. 
 
 • Versatility of 3 vessels for 1 base—blend in the Power Blender & Processor Pitcher, Nutrient Extraction* Cup, and Smoothie Bowl Maker and store just 1 base. 
 
 • Easy-to-clean food blender is dishwasher safe 
 
 
 
Product Dimensions (cm)
20.8 cm L x 21.41 cm W x 35.99 cm H
BPA Free
Yes
Voltage
120 volts
Color
Silver
Amperage
12.5 amps
Wattage
1200 watts
Warranty (years)
1
Weight
10.274 lbs
 Shipping & Returns 
Free shipping on all orders over $75*
SharkNinja offers a 60-day money back guarantee for purchases from this Site, or for select products, a 90-day money back guarantee. The applicable money back guarantee will be stated with your order.


*
does not apply outside of Canada. Orders to be shipped to Northwest Territories, Yukon or Nunavut or other territories outside of Canada or to an international address are subject to a surcharge.
 In the Box 
 72-oz Power Blender & Processor Pitcher (64 oz max liquid capacity) with Total Crushing® & Chopping Blade, Dough Blade, and Lid 
 24-oz Nutrient Extraction* Cup with Hybrid Edge™ Blades and Spout Lid 
 14-oz Smoothie Bowl Maker with Built-in Tamper and Storage Lid 
 1400-peak-watt power-dense motor with smartTORQUE™ to power through and never stall 
 Variable Speed Control for speed & texture control of every blend 
 6 preset Auto-iQ® programs 
 11 manual programs 
 Dishwasher safe containers. 
 15-recipe inspiration guide 
 Powerful ice crushing 
 *Extract a drink containing vitamins and nutrients from fruits and vegetables. 
 FAQs & Product Support 
 Click here to view FAQs 
Are all parts dishwasher safe?
All parts (except the base) are dishwasher safe.
 Reviews 
Food processor
Effortlessly chop and puree right in the pitcher. Simplify meal making by chopping and prepping in one container.
Dough Maker
All your baking prep is now in one pitcher. Mix cookie dough and brownie batter, knead bread dough, mix in nuts, and beat egg whites.
Crushing Blender
Blend dairy, fruit, and ice for smoothies or crush ice to snow for margaritas.
You may also like
 Ninja® Professional Plus Blender DUO® with Auto-iQ® 
 $159.99 
 $189.99 
 See product details 
Free Shipping
 Ninja® Professional Plus Kitchen System with Auto-iQ® 
 $199.99 
 $259.99 
 See product details 
Free Shipping
 Ninja® Foodi™ Power Nutri™ Duo® Smoothie Bowl Maker and Personal Blender 
 $114.99 
 $179.99 
 See product details 
Free Shipping
CLEARANCE
 Ninja® Hot and Cold Brew System™ 
 $229.99 
 $269.99 
 See product details 
Free Shipping
Ninja® Foodi™ Power Blender & Processor System with Smoothie Bowl Maker and Nutrient Extractor*
 $179.99 
 $219.99 
Add to Cart


Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.



