Introduction

	A premium intelligent robot cleaner with superior design. The ultra slim DEEBOT OZMO 920 is the perfect premium robot cleaner for those hard to reach places. With superior design and cutting-edge navigation technology, the robot intuitively builds maps of your home, while vacuuming and mopping, leaving it meticulously clean. 

		High cleaning efficiency
	

		Updated Smart Navi 3.0™ laser mapping and navigation
	

		OZMO mopping technology
	

		Low profile and strong mobility performance

Model
Features
Specs
Accessories
Support
Customer Reviews
New DEEBOT.
Nothing Missed.
High cleaning efficiency. 
Ever more powerful cleaning performance. 
Pressure-retention system
The revolutionary pressure-retention system optimizes energy efficiency and ensures high vacuum pressure, with a surprisingly low noise level.
Floating brush 2.0
With the latest suspension design and optimized brush design, OZMO 920 can sweep up to 4 mm deep cracks.
Updated Smart Navi 3.0™ laser mapping and navigation
Ever more intelligent cleaning experience. 
Efficient cleaning path
As OZMO 920 gets to know your home, it will learn the most efficient cleaning path for your unique needs. Leaving you with a flawless clean, every time. 
Multi-floor mapping
Ability to scan and store multiple maps of different levels of your home. The robot will customize its clean once identifying which map it is in. You can also customize where you’d like the robot to clean in each map. 
 Updated Virtual Boundary™
Virtual boundary™ for not only vacuum, but also for mopping now.
By using the ECOVACS Home App you can create virtual boundaries, restricting the robot from cleaning certain areas. 
Custom mode
Clean your home exactly how you want to. With the user-defined mode, you can draw your own area on the map in the ECOVACS app. Your DEEBOT will only clean this area – perfect for particularly highly frequented areas.
OZMO™ mopping technology
Ever more excellent mopping  performance.
Vacuums and mops in one go
With an innovative electronic water pump and reservoir, your robot will mop and vacuum at the same time, leaving your floor impeccably clean. 
Unique intelligent controlled large water reservoir
Included in the OZMO™ , the water capacity could handle the whole house cleaning. The most important is, you can switch the water amount by mobile APP according to different needs when OZMO 920 is doing the mopping work.
Carpet detection
Intelligently handle complicated floor with carpets. Flexible and initiative, OZMO 920 will instantly detect and react to carpet then choose to boost the power while vacuuming or avoid the carpet during the mopping, finding the best cleaning operation for it. 
Low profile and strong mobility performance
Ever fuller coverage.
Brand new design for slimmer robot body
The low profile of only 93mm height through compact design allows OZMO 920 to enter lower spaces.
Up to 2cm high doorsills crossing ability
DEEBOT OZMO 920 can easily cross obstacles like doorsills up to 20mm, easily go through your house without hindrance for full coverage cleaning.
Interchangeable Intake
Intelligent design for an effortless clean. Choose between either
the Tangle-Free Intake to rid your home of hair or the V-Shaped
Main Brush for a deep clean.
App Control
Clean your home from anywhere, anytime. App connectivity lets you take control and schedule a clean or monitor your current cleaning status all from the palm of your hand. 
Amazon Echo
Experience convenient, hands-off controls. If you are a Amazon Echo user, you can link your smart home devices to your robot, and tell it when and how to start cleaning.
Google Home
Experience convenient, hands-off controls. If you are a Google Home user, you can link your smart home devices to your robot, and tell it when and how to start cleaning.
Automatic charging
Never worry about charging your robot. When battery power is low, your intelligent robot will automatically return to its dock station to charge, all by itself.
Continuous Clean
When running low on charge, your robot automatically returns to its docking station. Once fully charged, it continues the clean where it left off. 
Scheduled Cleaning
Never come home to a messy house again. Simply schedule a clean and let your robot take care of the rest. 
Stair Safety Technology
Don’t worry about your robot falling down stairs. It will sense a drop off and will safely reverse its direction, continuing to efficiently clean your home. 
Anti-Collision System
You can feel safe knowing your robot will protect valuable in your home while cleaning. With its Anti-Collision sensors and soft cushion bumpers, your robot will avoid obstacles and protect your furniture. 
Voice Reporting
Keep in the loop. Your robot will report what it is doing and give you real time updates. 
OTA
By