Keep up with the tools you use from prep to table with this dishwasher’s three racks of versatile loading possibilities and complete wash coverage. The FreeFlex™ Third Rack fits glasses, mugs, bowls, silverware and cooking tools, freeing up room below for pots, plates and mixing bowls. The Advanced Clean Water Wash System circulates clean water to dishes in all three racks.

Features

FreeFlex™ Third Rack

The largest third rack available has a deep, angled design that fits 6" glasses, mugs and bowls. It features rotating wash jets to clean items in the rack, a drying bar with tabs that help wick moisture off glasses and a removable utensil tray for cooking tools.

Advanced Clean Water Wash System

uses microfiltration to continuously remove food particles during the wash and rinse cycles and circulates clean water to dishes in all three racks. This allows dirty cookware and delicate glassware to be washed together in the same load.

ProWash™ Cycle

uses sensors to measure soil levels throughout the cycle and adapts wash time and water temperature as needed for tough messes or lighter loads, because no two meals or the dishes that result are exactly the same.

PrintShield™ Finish

Resists smudges and fingerprints. The specialized coating for stainless steel is easy to clean with just water and a soft cloth, so you can spend more time cooking and less time cleaning up the kitchen.

Additional Features

44 dBA

provides quiet cleaning without compromising performance, so there’s no need to wait to run a wash cycle while entertaining and enjoying meals, even in open concept kitchens.

Adjustable Middle Rack

adds flexibility to fit tall items like a stand mixer bowl. Lower the rack to place large dishes inside or raise it to make room for platters, pitchers, blender jars and more in the rack below.

Heat Dry Option

heats both the final rinse water and the air inside the dishwasher to help dishes come out dry and ready for your next creation.

Extended Heat Dry Option

Increases the cycle time for excellent drying performance.

Durable Stainless Steel Interior

offers the beauty and benefits of stainless steel inside the dishwasher. It resists streaks, stains and odors, while retaining heat to help improve drying.

SatinGlide® Rails in Third and Middle Racks

move smoothly for easy loading and unloading.

Adjustable Rows in Middle and Lower Racks

fold down to make room for dishes in a variety of shapes and sizes like roasting pans, serving bowls, colanders and dutch ovens.

Two Stemware Holders in Middle Rack

secure wine glasses along the side of the rack to prevent them from moving around during the wash cycle.

Express Wash Cycle

cleans in less time, so you always have the dishes you need while prepping, cooking and entertaining.

Sani Rinse Option

Sanitizes dishes by eliminating 99.999% of food soil bacteria.

Top Controls

are tucked away on top of the dishwasher door for a clean look to match your kitchen style. An indicator light on the front of the door changes colors to subtly display cycle progress.

Leak Detection System

provides peace of mind with three levels of protection against potential sources of leaks, from multiple sensing points with a water flow monitor and drip tray. If the system detects a problem, the dishwasher will stop filling, drain the tub and alert that service is needed.

Eco Series

Designed with efficiency in mind. Saving you water, energy and money with quality wash and dry performance. *Compared to dishwashers meeting the minimum 2023 Department of Energy efficiency standards.