Skip the soaking and scrubbing with Dual Power Filtration, a dishwasher filtration system that disposes of any food in its path. Maytag® dishwashers with Heated Dry reduce excess moisture so dishes come out dry, while a full stainless steel tub is tough enough to handle high heat for years.

Dual Power Filtration

Skip soaking, scrubbing and pre-rinsing with Maytag engineering that puts an end to pre-work. Industry-exclusive Dual Power Filtration combines 100% microfiltration and a 4-blade stainless steel chopper to filter out then dispose of any food in its path.

PowerBlast® cycle

The PowerBlast® cycle scours away stubborn foods like egg yolk, peanut butter and even dried-on oatmeal. High-pressure jets, increased water temperatures and hot steam work together to clear food off dishes—so all you have to do is load them in.

Heated Dry

Up the temperature to reduce excess moisture inside your dishwasher and get dishes nice and dry.

Most Recommended Dishwasher Brand*

*Recommendations from online dishwasher consumer reviews from 7/2022-6/2023 versus other leading brands

Touch controls

You’re in control with a simple tap of your finger. Smooth, tap-to-activate settings give you quick and seamless access to powerful cleaning.

Fingerprint resistant stainless steel

Easy-to-clean, fingerprint resistant stainless steel resists smudges and streaks to keep your dishwasher looking as good on the outside as it works on the inside.

More Usable Capacity on Upper Rack

Put bulky pots and pans in their place with increased upper rack height that fits big dishes usually left for the bottom—so there’s no need for a second load.

Leak Detect

The Leak Detect system is a combination of multiple features that measure and monitor the flow of water at various points. If a problem is sensed, the unit can take action by draining the tub and alerting you when necessary.

Quiet at only 50 dBA

Per IEC standards

An American company for over 100 years

Whirlpool Corporation started in 1911 as a small company in Benton Harbor, Michigan. Today we are a global home appliance business selling products around the world. We are proud of our American heritage and ingenuity that have driven innovation for over 100 years.

10-year limited parts warranty on the racks, chopper blade and stainless steel tub

Maytag® dishwashers are covered by a 10-year limited parts warranty on the racks, chopper blade and stainless steel tub. So when we say you can count on your dishwasher for years, we mean it.

Built for the long haul

We packed in sturdy stainless steel that’s ready for cycle after cycle of tough cleaning. Stainless steel materials are built for high heat and resist stains to help keep your dishwasher looking good for years to come.

Full stainless steel tub

The full stainless steel tub is built of stainless steel from top to bottom, so it’s tough enough to handle high heat for years.

End-of-cycle indicator

The end-of-cycle indicator lets you know exactly where the dishwasher is in the wash cycle: when it's in process, when it’s finished and when the Sani Rinse option is in use.

Eco Series

Designed with efficiency in mind. Saving you water, energy and money with quality wash and dry performance. *Compared to dishwashers meeting the minimum 2023 Department of Energy efficiency standards.