Load more, run less in this dishwasher with 3rd Rack. Load hard-to-fit utensils or measuring spoons in the 3rd Rack to free up more space for dishes below. You can fit taller items where you want thanks to the adjustable rack. Plus, you can move or separate the flexible 3-Piece Silverware Basket to make extra space.

Adjustable 2nd rack
Make room for taller items like water bottles with easy-to-find adjusters that smoothly raise or lower the 2nd rack.

3-Piece Silverware Basket
Gain extra space in the lower rack for casserole dishes and large pans by moving or separating the 3-Piece Silverware Basket.

Quick Wash Cycle
Clean dishes fast with a cycle that thoroughly takes care of plates, pans, and glasses when you need them done in a hurry.

Sani Rinse Option
Sanitizes dishes by eliminating 99.999% of food soil bacteria.

Fingerprint resistant
Available in black stainless and stainless finishes, the easy-to-clean exterior resists fingerprints and smudges.

Leak Detection System
If a leak is detected, a light will flash on the front of the dishwasher to alert you, and the dishwasher will proceed to drain water from the tub.

Folding Tines
Create the space you need for large dishes or hold down smaller items like lids and measuring cups with Folding Tines.

Sensor cycle
Automatically get the right wash and dry settings for each load with two sensors that measure temperature and soil level during prewash and the wash cycle.

Soil sensor
Determines how dirty dishes are and adjusts the Normal Cycle as needed to make sure dishes come out clean.

Normal cycle
Use for normal amounts of food soil to clean up leftover messes from your day-to-day meals.

Heavy Cycle
Extra cycle time takes care of heavily soiled messes and hard-to-clean dishes.

1–24 Hour Delay Start
Delay the start of the cycle up to 24 hours to make sure dishes are clean and dry when you need them.

Soak & Clean Cycle
Presoak and wash in one cycle so stuck-on food dissolves away without any extra steps.

High Temperature Wash Option
Helps remove stubborn grease and food grime with a high-temperature wash.

Heated Dry Option
Use a clean, dry dish straight from the dishwasher thanks to added heat for drying.

Cycle Status Indicator
The display shows cycle progress and time remaining in hours and minutes so you know when your dishes will be ready.