































Hose-End Automatic Water Timer, Analog | RainDrip























































































































      Skip to main content
    






























































Search





      Enter the terms you wish to search for.
    





Search
















Main navigation






Products






Drip Kits






Where to Buy






Resources & Videos




























Search





      Enter the terms you wish to search for.
    





Search






























Product Categories










Products














Kits












Timers












Connect & Control












Dripline & Tubing












Fittings & Adapters












Bubblers, Drippers & Micro Sprinklers












Tools, Stakes & Accessories






























 






















Timers


















 


































Images


×






































Previous








Next












Close






























Hose-End Automatic Water Timer, Analog












Body


Automate your drip system with scheduled run times, frequency, timed manual watering, and rain delay features












Automate your drip system for worry-free watering










Program frequency & duration; control manual watering, rain delay










Connects to outdoor faucet, drip tubing, garden hose










Model::


R675CT
























Overview


Installation/Maintenance


What's Included


Warranty









  Automate your drip system and enjoy worry-free watering with the Hose-End Automatic Water Timer. Programming your watering schedule is easy with the simple, straightward interface. Use the "How Long" dial to set frequency and the "How Often" dial to select run time. The Manual Water/Rain Delay dial allows for manual watering (for 3 to 90 minutes) or to postpone watering (from 24 to 72 hours). An indicator light blinks to confirm changes are made, so there's no need to second guess. The battery-operated timer signals when batteries are running low, and has a unique water-saving feature that turns the valve to the off position and stops the flow of water when batteries run out so water is not wasted.
  


Works from a faucet or hose bibb; compatible with Garden Hose Thread (GHT), not British Standard Pipe Thread (BSP) connection point; use adapter (not included) to connect to desired supply tubing size


As part of a complete drip irrigation system, the Automatic Water Timer works with other Raindrip components to automate your drip system; compatible with Garden Hose Thread (GHT), not British Standard Pipe Thread (BSP) connection point










Screw the top of timer onto an outdoor faucet or hose bibb; attach bottom to adapter (not included) to connect supply tubing


Uses 2 AA batteries (not included); low battery indicator light will flash when battery levels run low; for winterization, remove timer from the drip system and bring inside; remove batteries to prevent corrosion


Compatible with Garden Hose Thread (GHT), not BSP connections on top and bottom; screw top of timer onto an outdoor faucet or hose bibb; attach appropriate adapter to bottom of timer to connect supply tubing; uses 2 AA batteries (not included)







  Comes with one Hose-End Automatic Water Timer, Analog
  



  Raindrip stands by their product and gives a 1-year, 100% satisfaction guarantee. If your product breaks, Raindrip will send you a new one for free, just pay shipping and handling
  




































 


















Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy


















Resources
Where To Buy
Rebate Center
Register Your Product
Catalogs & Literature
Video Library
Articles
FAQs


















Connect with Raindrip
 
 




























© 2023. All rights reserved.  Raindrip is a corporation/subsidiary of NDS.

















































































