Size Defying Sound
The Tribit Stormbox Micro 2 delivers surprisingly weighty bass, more than any other speaker in its class. Close your eyes and enjoy a dynamic sound experience and full bass range, thanks to our XBASS technology. 
Two in One SmartID Technology 
The StormBox Micro 2 delivers more than powerful music; it doubles as a power bank with Tribit's exclusive SmartID technology. The Micro 2 features a USB-C charging port to charge your phone, tablet, and other accessories.
Travel and Outdoor Friendly 
Small enough to fit in your pocket, bold enough to be shown to the world with the integrated strap. The StormBox Micro 2 can be clipped to anything from your backpack to tree branches, bike handlebars, or a belt loop. 
RunStretch® Technology Keeps Your Favorite Tune Playing All-day
The sound that goes where you go. This pocket-sized Bluetooth speaker features a rechargeable battery and a USB-C charging port, making it the perfect outdoor companion for a full day of activities. Great for travel, the StomBox Micro provides 30 days of standby time and around 12 hours of playtime.   
Never Lose Connection
Your music world will no longer be disturbed; advanced Bluetooth 5.3 technology, boasting a connection range of up to 120 feet, dramatically improves the transmission speed of your music, providing you with a low latency listening experience. Pair it with another StormBox Micro 2 speaker to enable Stereo Mode and enjoy more immersive sound indoors or out. 
Rugged Design
With an IP67 rating, the Micro 2 is protected from dust and can be submerged in up to three feet of water. Built for sports and ideal for outdoor adventures, the StormBox Micro 2 goes where you go.
All New Upgraded StormBox Micro 2

1. The sound loudness is increased by 1-1.5dB, from 9W to 10W. 
2. Battery life is improved，playtime is up to 12 hours, 4 hrs longer than StormBox Micro. 
3. Advanced Bluetooth 5.3 technology, boasting a connection range of up to 120 feet.

4. SmartID charging port could charge your phone, tablet, and other accessories.  
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Connectivity
Bluetooth Version: 5.3 Bluetooth
Range: 100FT
Output power
10W
Battery
Type & Capacity: 3.6V/4700mAh

Playtime: Up to 12 hours
Dustproof & Waterproof
IP67
System Frequency response
70Hz-20kHz
General
Dimensions: 99.8mm*99.8mm*42.9mm
Weight: 315g
Voice Assistant integration
Support both Apple and Android