Super-portable wireless Bluetooth® speaker: balanced 360° sound, deep bass, one-touch music control, water, dust & drop proof, and stunning high-performance fabric. It’s the ultimate go-anywhere speaker.

BOOM 3 packs a sonic punch for its size. Featuring Ultimate Ears unique audio processing, it produces clear and balanced audio faithful to the music you love, and at every volume level.

In BOOM 3 we’ve perfected the iconic cylindrical design we pioneered to deliver immersive, stereophonic audio that radiates evenly in all directions.

Unlike most portable speakers, BOOM 3 gives your music a deep, rich bass texture that’s true to your music. Without exaggeration or distortion.

BOOM 3 is purpose built to handle life's thrills and spills. It’s passed more than 25 seriously tough durability tests, including thousands of button pushes, 100s of tumbles, multiple drop tests, and more. So party on friend. From rooftop-raging to mountaintop-shredding BOOM 3's got ya back.

With BOOM 3 you can play, pause and skip tracks directly on the speaker. Just push for convenient control of any streaming music. Or simply set up custom one-touch playlists for Spotify® on Android*, Amazon Prime Music, Apple Music and Deezer® Premium. Match the moment with the vibes without reaching for your phone.

BOOM 3 is covered in a two-tone fabric that’s as tough as it is hot-damn beautiful. Engineered for applications like motorcycle jackets and fire equipment, this performance textile is built for extremes. And colored two ways by our custom dying process, it comes to life in a range of drool-worthy iridescent themes.

BOOM 3 runs on the same battery technology as some of the most crave-worthy electric cars. BOOM 3 will stay powered and pumping tunes for 15 hours** on a single charge.

BOOM 3 was born to get wet and is completely waterproof. Boasting an insane IP67 water and dustproof rating, it can be totally submerged in water for up to 30-minutes. When it pops back to the surface–because it floats too–it will still be booming loud and proud.