Little speaker. Big goosebumps.

We took our sound in a new direction. Every direction.

Meet SoundLink Revolve II, one of our best performing portable Bluetooth speakers yet. It delivers true 360° sound for consistent, uniform coverage. Place it in the centre of the room and everyone gets the same experience. Or set it near a wall and sound will radiate and reflect around the room, immersing you. Taking it outdoors? Great, it’s meant to go where you go.

3 ways to go 360

For all-around Bose sound, you can’t go wrong with the SoundLink Revolve II, SoundLink Revolve+ II or the Bose Portable Smart Speaker.

SOUNDLINK REVOLVE II BLUETOOTH® SPEAKER

Astonishingly loud. Surprisingly small.

SOUNDLINK REVOLVE+ II BLUETOOTH® SPEAKER

Jaw-dropping sound. Totally tote-able, too.

Dual-passive radiators

Deliver high-quality, low-note performance and reduce wasteful vibration by turning it into acoustic output.

Transducer

Downward-facing, full-range transducer works with acoustic deflector for 360° sound.

Omnidirectional acoustic deflector

Spreads sound evenly – without a single dead zone – for uniform coverage.

Astonishingly loud. Surprisingly small.

Don’t let its size fool you. This pint-sized enclosure is packed with more technology than meets the eye. A highly efficient transducer. Dual-passive radiators. An omnidirectional acoustic deflector. All of which simply means you’ll get lifelike sound… and real-life goosebumps.

Durable, water-resistant design.

You’re not afraid of a little water. Your speaker shouldn’t be either. SoundLink Revolve II’s water-resistant design means you can use it more places without worrying about an accidental showering of water, like by the pool or by the kitchen sink.

Bumpers for bumping

You’re not perfect. And with this speaker, you don’t need to be. No worries if you knock it over, toss it in your bag or set it down a little harder than you meant to. Soft materials let you bump without worrying.

All sound. No seam.

No detail is too small. Not even a single seam. Notice our grille doesn’t have one. That’s because we created a new single-extrusion process to eliminate it – leaving nothing but beauty.

Grab and go

When it’s time to move, you don’t want to fumble about. That’s why we made this speaker grabbable, touchable and easy to operate – right down to the soft, smooth buttons that ensure every interaction feels natural.

Packed with power

A portable Bluetooth speaker needs impressive battery life. This one delivers. The rechargeable lithium-ion battery plays for up to 13 hours – for full-day listening. Sure, some other speakers may play longer, but not without compromising the deep, powerful bass you’ll get from ours.

Leave your phone alone

Don’t have your phone handy? Don’t worry. You can still make dinner reservations or send a text message. Just press and hold the multi-function button to access the voice input for your phone’s Siri or Google Assistant right from the speaker. Problem solved.

One app.

Complete control.

The Bose Connect app gives you easy access to everything your product has to offer. Get tips, unlock product features and personalise your settings, so you can spend more time enjoying the music instead of setting it up.

You can also easily manage your speaker’s Bluetooth connections with one single swipe, so everyone can have a turn being the DJ. And when loud just isn’t loud enough, turn it up with Party Mode to play two wireless speakers simultaneously. Or switch to Stereo Mode for dedicated left and right playback giving you a full and dynamic surround sound experience.