










































      New Classic Infrared Black Titanium Flat Iron 1.5" | CROC® Hair















































































 
 








































 












 


















Loading


Skip to content















            Home
          



              Shop All
            

              Flat Iron
            

              Blow Dryers
            

              Curling Irons
            

              Gift Cards
            

              Accessories
              




Expand submenu


















Collapse submenu







                    Accessories
                  





                      Clips
                    

                      Brushes and Combs
                    

                      Heat Proof Accessories
                    

                      Blow Dryer Attachments
                    

              Collections
              




Expand submenu


















Collapse submenu







                    Collections
                  





                      Masters Collection
                    

                      Premium Collection
                    

                      Classic Collection
                    

                      Hybrid Collection
                    

                      Republic of Croc Collection
                    

              Blog
            


Log in






            Search
          













      Free shipping with any purchase over $49.99
    


























(714) 521-2255






CALL US






EMAIL US











        Shop All
      



        Flat Iron
      



        Blow Dryers
      



        Curling Irons
      



        Gift Cards
      



        Accessories
      



                Clips




                Brushes and Combs




                Heat Proof Accessories




                Blow Dryer Attachments




        Collections
      



                Masters Collection




                Premium Collection




                Classic Collection




                Hybrid Collection




                Republic of Croc Collection




        Blog
      










Log in







Search








Menu




Cart





              0
            
































Menu










Cart





                0
              


























Search
















Close (esc)














Home








New Classic Infrared Black Titanium Flat Iron 1.5"




















































































































































Close (esc)





































































































                  CROC® Hair Professional
                
TNC15-IBB


                  New Classic Infrared Black Titanium Flat Iron 1.5"
                
 
 
 










Regular price

                  $179.99
                


/
              


Shipping
 calculated at checkout.










    Select Your Plate Size Width





Select Your Plate Size Width




1.5"







          1.5" - $179.99 USD
        







        Add to cart
      


 
 



      [{"id":31289046630534,"title":"1.5\"","option1":"1.5\"","option2":null,"option3":null,"sku":"TNC15-IBB","requires_shipping":true,"taxable":true,"featured_image":{"id":31252248592518,"product_id":4375324393606,"position":2,"created_at":"2023-03-23T13:54:54-07:00","updated_at":"2023-04-05T14:39:58-07:00","alt":"Introducing Croc The New Classic Infrared Flat Iron - Professional Hair Straightener with Infrared Technology for Faster and More Efficient Styling. ","width":1500,"height":1500,"src":"\/\/crocofficial.com\/cdn\/shop\/products\/PLates-07.png?v=1680730798","variant_ids":[31289046630534]},"available":true,"name":"New Classic Infrared Black Titanium Flat Iron 1.5\" - 1.5\"","public_title":"1.5\"","options":["1.5\""],"price":17999,"weight":862,"compare_at_price":null,"inventory_quantity":392,"inventory_management":"shopify","inventory_policy":"deny","barcode":"850017219144","featured_media":{"alt":"Introducing Croc The New Classic Infrared Flat Iron - Professional Hair Straightener with Infrared Technology for Faster and More Efficient Styling. ","id":24039026851974,"position":2,"preview_image":{"aspect_ratio":1.0,"height":1500,"width":1500,"src":"\/\/crocofficial.com\/cdn\/shop\/products\/PLates-07.png?v=1680730798"}},"requires_selling_plan":false,"selling_plan_allocations":[],"quantity_rule":{"min":1,"max":null,"increment":1}}]
    


 

        Description











The 
New Classic Infrared Black Titanium 
Flat Iron
 1.5"
 is the perfect choice for color-treated, natural, and coarse hair. Get smooth, straight hair in a single pass with optimized stationary plates for maximum straightening. 


Style your way to perfection with CROC® Hair Professional's 
New 
Classic
 Infrared Black Titanium Flat Iron 1.5"!
 Get long-lasting gloss and salon-like finish with every use!


Features - New Classic Infrared Black Titanium Flat Iron 1.5"
‌




•
 
PATENTED INFRARED TECHNOLOGY - Infrared Seals cuticles and locks in moisture, adds 30% more shine and creates 35% longer lasting looks. Additionally, it detoxifies and sanitizes hair while reducing heat damage with each pass.


• BLACK TITANIUM PLATES - Offers Anti-stick, Anti-Static, Anti-Damage smooth one-pass glide for ALL HAIR TYPES


‌• Produces negative ions, sealing cuticles, increasing shine.


‌• The ventilation system releases excess high heat, preventing internal and physical damage.


‌• Built-in ceramic heaters enable instant heat recovery, providing consistent heat during use.


• Fully digital temperature settings [280F° – 450F°] 


‌• Dual voltage capabilities [110V – 240V] 


• Built-in, automatic shut-off, safety feature after 30 minutes of non-use. ‌


•  Convenient 9-foot swivel cord for easy use and adaptability. ‌


• Deluxe thumb grip, ergonomic design, and cool tip make styling more comfortable.


What's
 
The Difference?


The New Classic Infrared Black Titanium Flat Iron is a part of our foundational collection, with signature features and high performance. These special features are what makes this infrared flat iron
 
a part of the Classic
 
Collection.








Share


Share on Facebook






Tweet


Tweet on Twitter






Pin it


Pin on Pinterest


























Jodi B.
This is my 3rd Croc...never disappoints! 
Laura P.
Love my Croc tools! 
Christine S.
Best flat iron ever!!
Erick R.
Loved it 
 
Amalia X.
Fue un regalo , que le encantó. 
Amanda R.
Easy ordering.  Great product 
Trineka C.
Best flat iron I’ve ever used and I’ve been a hairstylist for 25yrs. It’s designed to keep the hair in the best shape possible. Does not cause heat damage like most of the other tools out there. CROC tools will be the only tools I use from here on out. I HIGHLY recommend!
Ashley H.
Love this flat iron! Got rid of all my other flat iron as this is the best one and gives me the sill press I’ve been trying to get.
Pamela L.
Very good 
Anita C.
Loves Croc for many years & glad to see items improving with new technology while keeping cost down. 
Amanda S.
This is the best flat iron. The hair stays so smooth. 
Kathleen K.
Love it!!
Edyta S.
This is good tool !
Tami K.
Love my new Croc 1.5 flatiron. I have a lot of hair, but fine. I set it on 320 and it perfectly flats my hair. Easy to use! Great quality. 
Connie S.
Got it as a gift and My Daughter loves it!
Kylee M.
Love Croc irons they are amazing!
Andrea C.
Love love love . The only thing is that the plates come off and I never get the warranty because items this price should last but they are the best flat irons I ever had 
Nancy D.
I wanted to buy the 1 inch plate but they were out of stock so I got the 1.5” and I am glad I did. I have a lot of hair that is thick and the wider plates straighten my hair faster. This flat iron Did a nice job smoothing my hair. I’m still not sure whether it helped with frizz or it’s just hype. Period
Karen W.
The New 1.5" Classic Infrared Flat Iron works amazingly. I purchased this item, especially for my daughter's coarse hair, and I love the results. Her hair comes out shiny, silky, and straight. I highly recommend this flat iron for straightening and or curling. 
Giovanna L.
Fast delivery ❤
Ramsey L.
I am a cosmetologist. I really like the croc infrared 1 1/2 inch iron. It works great on stubborn curling frizzy hair. It makes the hair feels great and shinny. 
Mickie L.
Love love best flat iron ever❤
Mickie L.
My first time using this brand. My new hair dresser used it on my curly frizzy hair and I fell in love with it  so bought one for my self no regrets it's a keeper... it's best flat iron ever. It's time to dump all the other ones I've been buying over the years.
Sabine F.
I have only used it once, but it is very nice and gets my hair straight without any product in it. I used this while I was rushing, so the piece were chunkier, but next time when I have more time, it will be nicer. It looks like a good investment piece. I also did not have that burning hair smell.
Maria U.
Maria U.
Perfect 
Khania S.
I absolutely love these flatirons!! They straighten course hair very silky and straight!
Keyshia G.
I purchased in December & it’s June, they already died on me  I loved them soo much I’m still going to purchase another pair
Luyindula M.
I used it from France and everything was great until it doesn’t turn on anymore. Since 3 days . I had it since  october . I am a professionnal hairstylist and I need it. I don’t know what to do. So can you help me?
Chanel  L.
Gives a beautiful silk press!!! Hair is shiny and flowy!! 
emily a.
Love this flat iron 
Regina A.
I stumbled across this flat iron about 12 years ago in a TJ Maxx and I've been hooked every since and once it broke I had to find out where it came from and I've been a Croc USA fan every since. This flat iron does more than straighten the hair it puts a high shine and gives it plenty of body and bounce. It takes kinky natural hair to bone straight, silky, bouncy and beautiful hair.
Lynne L.
I have the 1.5” infrared flat iron which I love. Sometimes, I need a smaller one so I purchased the 1” classic infrared flat iron. I am in love with this one, too. Now, I have covered my bases and am ready for anything. I waited a long time for the 1” and couldn’t be happier. 
Julie G.
I love the way you can grip it to keep it closed. I love the infrared. It just works really well!
Angie  B.
I have the classic infrared hair iron since 2017 and have been using it especially whenever I have a party to attend. I love this iron because it makes my hair smooth, soft and shiny without damaging my hair. It has been my on the go hair tool kit since then. I feel good when I know that I don't have to worry about how my long hair looks like. I highly recommend it. It's worth the penny 
Alisha R.
Croc is simply the best! 
Monique O.
One pass leaves my hair straight and soft 
Krystal S.
This is my second IR Flat Iron! I would purchase the entire line if … when I could. Get it it’s sooo worth it! 
Amy W.
Love it.  Straightens in 1-pass. My hair is so shiny.
Lillian Raquel R.
The Best iron
Jessica V.
In love with my new croc hair straightener! Silky sleek hair results. 10/10 
DAGOBERTO H.
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. 
Gabriela G.
Great product
Francy D.
I have had many flat iron but this definitely hands down the best one.
aniyah b.
This flatiron is awesome. 
Adriana C.
Love this straightener so much I am gifting it, really great. It does not pull your hair and gives it a beautiful shine. 
Joey G.
Love it! Buying another for my daughter! 
Michael D  L.
Works as promised
Nancy E.
Mil gracias me Encanto ❤️Mi plancha la Ame 
Leanna E.
After the feel of using this product for the second time I fell in love with this flat iron 
Stephanie D.
Nice flat iron. Curls my hair better than all my old irons. Doesn't seem fried either. Easy to use, adjust temp and turn on infrared. Waited a long time to order, glad I finally did it!!
Jessica H.
I love this flat iron! It works great! Nice glide! 
Cassidy K.
Love this straightener! It made my hair so smooth and I didn’t have to go over my hair multiple times to get it straight! 
amy m.
I've waited years to purchase this flat iron and it didn't disappoint!  It makes my hair shiny smooth with no dry ends.  My hair is color treated and fine but I am able to turn it on a low heat setting and it still works amazing!!
CASSIE P.
Best flat iron I have purchased!! My hair is smooth, less frizzy and shiny. 
Brandy W.
I waited a long time to bite the bullet and buy the infrared straightener after I realized I bought the wrong Croc straightener in-store a couple of years ago (that one was still amazing). I finally saw a good sale and got it! I have shoulder-length hair that is naturally curly and my ends would flip within minutes of straightening with the other straightener, but not this one! My ends stay straight all day long even in the humidity. The only reason for four-stars is because it doesn't quite get to my root as well as the other to tame my baby curls but it still does what I need it to. Highly recommend
Linda C.
I want a new Croc!  But dang, mine is 10 years old and still running strong.  Prior to my Croc, I had literally tried every flat iron out there (from super high end to inexpensive) and NONE even came close to my Croc.  Other's burned and pulled my hair, had too short of cords or just didn't work well on my coarse hair and didn't last but two years.  Best purchase ever!  I love my Croc!!!
Courtney H.
This is the BEST flat iron I have ever used!! The results are BEAUTIFUL!!!!!
Glenny  J.
Excellent 
Desiree S.
This product is great for silking out hair or textured kinky hair !!!! I love it you gotta get one . It has helped with speeding up my salon services 
Milan R.
Love this product  its does exactly  what you paid for and leaves your hair straight and shiny I'm not a stylist  but this flat iron leaves me confident  to  style and  my hair as I choose  thank  you croc and  John !
Olie  A.
One of the best straighteners I owned. I have a think curly hair. I can style my hair any way I want with this took. It's sleek design makes it fit perfect in my hand and never feel the heat. Highly recommend it.
Monica  H.
Works great!  I have very thick, long, course frizzy red hair,  and it's a long ordeal to section off and straighten my hair just washed.   I usually just touch it up for a few days as it doesn't get oily and I don't wash it every day.  Straightening goes faster and easier with this iron, and touching up is quick and easy.  I love that it's so light weight too.  I was using the Babyliss iron before and it is so heavy my hand would invariably cramp the whole time, and it was so wide and bulky I couldn't straighten my short bangs at all.  I had to use a separate tiny iron for them.  So my new Croc is amazing,  super hot, easy to handle and I love my super straight hair!  I do always use Argan oil, or some type of good heat protection as well, which really helps to get it straight too.  Currently using Bed Head After Party.  
elizabeth m.
When I saw the sale going on I had to jump on it! I loooove this iron! It heats up so fast, is reliable, compact..easy to use for curls if you want. Love it! I'll buy again whenever I need to!
Christina S.
It is good although i don't like it sometimes pull through my hair while I'm using it. Other than that it was good.
Thank you!
TONYA C.
I like the light weight of the iron and how close you can get to the scalp.
Mary B.
I am in Cosmetology school right now and I absolutely love this flat iron. Leaves the hair silky and straight. 
Janay P.
Best flatiron yet!!!!!
Tasha P.
I have only had it a couple weeks but it is already praise worthy. It works on all texture types. 
Danielle J.
So happy with this purchase!  I have relaxed / color-treated hair and have been trying to hold off on relaxing my hair to avoid further damage. These glide through your hair with AMAZING results!
Van T.
Work really good,high heat, make hair straightening very smooth and shine.love it .
Anh B.
Left the hair so sleek and shiny
ANNIE R.
Most amazing IRON EVER!!
Debra A.
My hair is so smooth after using this straightener.   It doesn’t pull or break my hair.  
Annie R.
its amazing!!
MARkD Beauty W.
Its EVERYTHING I hoped it would be .Now i have to purchase the larger one !!!
Maria U.
Excelente plancha. La mejor que he probado.
José m M.
excellent product leaves hair straight quickly
Chanel  Y.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this flat iron!!!!! Gives great shine and the bounce!  it’s a must have!!
Mandi S.
Perfect flat iron. Doesn’t pull or damage hair 
Tiffany L.
Awesome tool to bring any hair straight to life!
Terra G.
This is the best flat iron I've ever owned.  You can easily adjust the heat settings and it works great.
Alisa H.
I have been flat ironing my hair for as long as I can remember.  I have gone through tons of different irons. I have to say that I absolutely love this one! Heats up quickly,  doesn't burn my hair, leaves it soft and shiny, and only one pass does the job. Totally worth every penny! Best flat iron I have owned!
Baudelia M.
Me Mega encanto 100 por ciento recomendada 
Carrie F.
Works great with just one swipe! Heats up quick. 
Michele F.
I am absolutely obsessed with my new iron!!! It does exactly as it says. ONE pass and done!!! I got the new classic infra red iron and love it. So so happy with my purchase. If you are unsure, just get it!!!! Don’t think it twice, you will be so happy you got it. Already getting people hooked to this iron. 
Courtney Y.
Have only used my flatiron for about 2 weeks and so far it’s been great!  No issues and truly is one pass!  Best part is there hasn’t been any hair snag or those small crinkles that tha CHI left. 
Sara P.
I was worried the 1" one wouldn't be able to straighten my thick wavy hair, but it works great. It doesn't seem to fray the ends either.
Jacky R.
I had a croc straightener before and was debating which to get and decided with this one and love it. No need to go over hair more than twice.
Karissa F.
So glad I bought this! So easy to use. Works great AND doesn’t leave my hair feeling dry or damaged. It still looks and feels soft. Love it! 
Janelle B.
This is the first flat iron that I’ve used that is actually 1 pass like it claims. I love it!! 
Rhond T.
Best flat iron every. My hair has never been straighter or shinier. 
Roxana M.
Is amazing, I love my flat iron ! 
maria g.
Tengo el cabello muy procesado, y no crei que el infrarojo ayudara como lo dice en  la descripcion de la plancha, pero lo alacie 2 dias seguidos y al tercer dia lo lave y lo deje secar al aire libre y el cabello no tenia friz y quedo algo alaciado, si funciona su restauracion...

excelente producto, si lo recomiendo!
Julia S.
It glides really smooth and it straightens the hair in one pass. Love it
Alejandra H.
I love this iron
Christine  P.
It heats up real fast straightens the roots very well overall the hair is very shiny
maria d.
this product is wonderful, leaves your hair silky and the time very little time to do your hair. 
Allison D.
This flat iron is MAGIC! Hands down the best flat iron I have ever owned. I am amazed that it not only gets my hair perfectly straight but also manages to keep it straight all day even in summer humidity! AMAZING!!
Elizabeth J.
I had a Croc for about 10 years and loved it. When it finally outlived it’s usefulness (the plates snagged my hair) I bought a cheaper iron. It was okay but nothing like the Croc. I finally bought this iron and I knew after the first pass that it was the right decision. I have wavy hair that is past my shoulders and is very course and thick and I have a lot of it. This iron is worth the money to tame it! 













          Pair it with
        
































Boar Vent Hair Brush
CROC® Hair Professional



              $24.99
            










Save $15.00











Vent Hair Brush
CROC® Hair Professional


Regular price


$34.99


Sale price

              $19.99
            










Save $5.00











Silitone Hair Brush (25mm - 53mm)
CROC® Hair Professional


Regular price


$28.99


Sale price

              from $23.99
            










Save $15.00











CROC Magic Nozzle (Blow Dryer Attachment)
CROC® Hair Professional


Regular price


$34.99


Sale price

              $19.99
            




















CROC Silicone Diffuser (Blow Dryer Attachment)
CROC® Hair Professional



              $24.99
            




















TrueSilk Hair Clips (2 pcs)
CROC® Hair Professional



              $9.99
            




















Heat Proof Pouch
CROC® Hair Professional



              $19.99
            




















EZ Comb
CROC® Hair Professional



              $24.99
            



































            Explore other hair tools
          




































New Classic Infrared Black Titanium Flat Iron 1.5"
CROC® Hair Professional



              $179.99
            
































Sign up for our newsletter



      Enter your email
    




























Instagram










Facebook










Twitter










Pinterest










Snapchat










TikTok










YouTube












INFO
About us
Contact us
Fraud Warning
Privacy Policy
Return and Exchange Policy
Shipping Policy
Terms and Conditions
Warranty Policy
Sitemap








RESOURCES
Blog
CROC® Educational Videos
Frequently Asked Questions
Infrared VS Non-Infrared
Media and Press
Product Registration
Store Locator
Technology








MAKE MONEY WITH US
Become an Affiliate
Distributor Application








WHOLESALERS
B2B Login/Signup











            © 2023 CROC® Hair Professional 
| All Rights Reserved





































Close (esc)






Loading









































































































