Need a portable AC? How about a heater? A dehumidifier? A powerful fan? Get it all with the ARC-12SDH from Whynter. This 4-in-1 portable air conditioner offers premium efficiency and comfort whether you need to cool or heat your space. The activated carbon filter, auto drain technology, and dual hose operation make this an effective solution for your home or office.

The ARC-12SDH can heat or cool up to a 400 sq. ft. space. This portable dual hose 4-in-1 air conditioner with a carbon filter really has it all. Green, mobile, and fast, you get everything you want in an AC unit, and more, with the ARC-12SDH.

Efficient and Effective

Designed with the environment in mind, this CFC-free and lead-free 4-in-1 portable air conditioner boasts high energy efficiency. With the ARC-12SDH, you save the environment with less energy consumption without having to sacrifice the power or effectiveness of the unit. An auto drain means that the moisture in the air collected during the cooling process is recycled and used again.

With a dual hose setup, your cooling is fast and efficient. The heater function on the portable dual hose 4-in-1 air conditioner with a carbon filter is just as effective. That pre-installed activated carbon filter means your unit is ready to dehumidify, heat, or cool, as soon as you get it set up. The 12,000 BTU means this unit can cool up to 400 sq. ft. space.

Combat High Humidity

As reviewed by Good Housekeeping, the ARC-12SDH is the 2022 best portable air conditioner for high humidity. This 4-in-1 portable air conditioner is designed to work effectively against highly humid conditions. You can dehumidify up to 96 pints a day. Our multiple setting options provide all the power you need to cool, dehumidify, heat, or circulate air. There are three fan speeds for your convenience.

When your unit is not in use, keep the portable dual hose 4-in-1 air conditioner with a carbon filter safe with the included protective cover. A pocket can store your exhaust hoses, window kit, remote control, and user manual. Your 4-in-1 portable air conditioner is designed to last you a long time.

Stay Cool with a Humidifier From Whynter

Whynter designs are top-of-the-line, so you can enjoy the best of the best in air conditioning, heating, humidifying, and air circulation. Our air comfort line features energy-efficient options like this 4-in-1 portable air conditioner. Explore our product gallery of selections to see which possibilities would best work in your space. You can find a variety of options near you sold by certified Whynter retailers.

We are here to help you. If you have questions or want support with your portable dual hose 4-in-1 air conditioner with a carbon filter or anything else, don’t hesitate to reach out.