BURST Pro Toothbrush | Ultra-advanced Sonic Toothbrush

BURST is so glad you have chosen us for your holiday needs! BURST looks delightful under a tree, on a bathroom counter or in a stocking. You may have heard, perhaps literally everywhere, that you can expect shipping delays this holiday season. Brands like us are encouraging you to buy early to avoid any bad feelings come the holiday season. What we want you to know are the cutoff dates for our free shipping as shared to us by our preferred carrier - the United States Postal Service. Their last day to ship in time for Christmas specifically is December 17. In years past, we have handed off all packages on time to them and about 95% of them made it in time. We think its fair to say that we think the number this year will be closer to 90-95%. So, our official advice here is that we will do everything to ship out of our warehouse in time for the holiday, but some folks will be subject to how busy the carriers are. Our premium shipping options are 99.9% reliable for two-day purchases. We've also got gift cards available for folks who may have waited a bit to get going on their shopping AND this year you'll find us at over 250 Macy's Locations in the United States so you can pick up same day. We want to be open and direct with you all so you can have a joyful holiday season.

Pro Sonic Toothbrush
4.9 /5 (390 Reviews)
Intuitive tech for an advanced clean hygienists love
$79.99

Pro 101
The BURST Pro is clinically proven to remove up to 10x more plaque.*
It's no wonder — we created it to be the peak of dental technology with 1000s of experts from our 35k+ community of hygienists and dentists.
Dental professionals want patients to enjoy the healthiest mouth and best experience possible.
So that's exactly what we did.

Key features
Benefits
The goods
The BURST Pro is clinically proven to remove up to 10x more plaque.*
It's no wonder — we created it to be the peak of dental technology with 1000s of experts from our 35k+ community of hygienists and dentists.
Dental professionals want patients to enjoy the healthiest mouth and best experience possible.
So that's exactly what we did.

Refill plan: $7 brush head replacement every 12 weeks, cancel anytime

Gifts with purchase $46.97 FREE
We love our products and know you will, too! First round’s on us. To forego your free gifts and subsequent orders, you can opt-out in cart.
You’ll love:
Non-Slip Whitening Strips ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 4.5/5 (283 Reviews) Visibly whiter teeth after one 15-minute session*
Charcoal Toothpaste ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 4.8/5 (1.1k Reviews) Anti-cavity charcoal paste for a bright smile and fresh breath
Expanding Floss ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 4.8/5 (437 Reviews) Removes 2x more plaque than an unwaxed dental floss*
*Clinical data on file.
Refills every 12 weeks, cancel anytime.
$7.99 / Charcoal Toothpaste, $5 / Expanding Floss Bobbin, $14.99 / Whitening Strips

*Compared to a manual toothbrush, brushing twice daily in whitening mode for two minutes for a period of 30 days. Data on file at https://www.burstoralcare.com/clinical.
**When used on freshen mode.

Hear the hype
Find out what everyone online is saying about our products.