Pro 1000 Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush, White

Removes 300% more plaque along the gum line than a manual brush.

Holiday Savings:

Save $10 on your Oral-B Pro 1000 purchase, only from Oral-B. Limited quantities available and no additional discounts apply. Applied automatically when added to cart.

Oral-B Pro 1000 Electric Rechargeable Toothbrush

The Oral-B Pro 1000 rechargeable toothbrush provides a clinically proven superior clean vs. a regular manual toothbrush. The professionally inspired design of the CrossAction brush head surrounds each tooth with bristles angled at 16 degrees, and 3D cleaning action oscillates, rotates, and pulsates to break up and remove up to 300% more plaque along the gumline than a regular manual toothbrush. The pressure sensor stops pulsations if you brush too hard to prevent harmful over-brushing and there are 3 modes, plus an in-handle timer to help you brush for a dentist-recommended 2 minutes.

Features and Benefits:

Removes 300% more plaque along the gum line than a regular manual toothbrush

Senses when you brush too hard with pressure sensor

In-handle timer pulses every 30 seconds to let you know when to switch areas of the mouth

Rechargeable battery toothbrush with 3 modes - Daily Clean, Whitening, and Sensitive

Compatible with Oral-B brush heads for every oral care need: CrossAction, FlossAction, Precision Clean, 3D White, Sensitive Gum Care, Deep Sweep, Dual Clean. Does not fit iO brush heads

Oral-B is the #1 dentist-recommended toothbrush brand worldwide

What is covered in my Oral-B warranty?

Your Oral-B warranty starts on the day of purchase and runs for 2 years. If your Oral-B product is defective during the warranty period, we will replace it free of charge*.

The warranty does not cover cosmetic damage such as scratches, or damage caused by:

Normal wear and tear

Accident, misuse, dirt or water

The product being tampered with

Improper use

Repairs carried out by agents not authorized by Oral-B/Braun

Failure to take proper care of the product, including recharging

The product being altered or used for commercial purposes

How can I get my Oral-B electric toothbrush serviced?

If you’re experiencing a problem with your Oral-B toothbrush, check out our Online Repair Service! There you’ll find troubleshooting tips which may help resolve the issue. Simply go to www.service.oralb.com, select your Region, Country and Language and then click on the "Online Check" button.

If you’re unable to fix the problem and need to send your toothbrush for service, you can use the online service to print off a pre-paid mailing label and get a tracking number. The tracking number will enable you to track the progress of your request. Please note you must have a receipt that includes date of purchase to get a pre-paid mailing label and your brush must be within its warranty period.

If you’re unable to use the Online Repair Service, please see the instructions below.

For In Warranty service, follow these simple steps:

Visit www.service.oralb.com to find details of your closest Oral-B Authorized Service Center.

Send the product directly to the Service Center, including:

All system components (e.g., toothbrush handle, charger, power cord, SmartGuide). You do not need to include accessories like the brush heads or refill stand.

A copy of your dated proof of purchase (always keep a copy for yourself).

A letter including the following information: your name, return mailing address, contact phone number, e-mail address and a brief explanation of the problem you're experiencing with the product.

If you include your e-mail address, the Oral-B Service center will send you updates when the product is received and when product is shipped back, along with a tracking number.

All products sent in for service must be well packaged and sent in a box suitable to withstand normal freight handling. It is recommended that your package is appropriately insured and shipped using a carrier who can provide tracking. We will cover all repair costs and return shipping to you.

For Out of Warranty service: You can still send your device to an Oral-B Authorized Service Center for service at your own cost. If the product warranty has expired, a quote will be sent to you for approval and payment, prior to any service. Before shipping your device, we recommend you call the authorized Service Center to discuss your service needs.