



 










Sonic-FX® SOLO | Sonic-FX Sonic Toothbrushes












































































































































 














































SHOP


SUPPORT


MY ACCOUNT






























Follow
Follow








 


























 














Sonic-FX® SOLO








$
149.95










40,000 STROKES PER MINUTE – This Electric Toothbrush was designed to effectively clean your teeth, gums, and tongue at 40,000 strokes per minute – higher than the average electric toothbrush.


RELIABLE BATTERY WITH CHARGING DOCK – Powered by a lithium-ion battery for an extra-long charge. On a full charge, you can get up to two weeks of daily use. It also features a charging base/toothbrush holder for maximum convenience.


REPLACEABLE HEADS – Featuring a ‘twist and lock’ mechanism to easily replace the brush heads, our sonic toothbrush is a convenient and much more effective alternative to manual toothbrushes. Store unused brushes in the storage compartment on the base for a more sanitary experience.


SMART AUTO-TIMER – Comes with an advanced 2-minute auto-timer to ensure you are brushing your teeth for the ADA-recommended time, while a 30-second interval timer prompts you to move to different quadrants of your mouth for a superior and even oral cleaning.


LIGHTER THAN MOST ELECTRIC TOOTHBRUSHES – Enjoy the usability of our Sonic Toothbrush with its lightweight and compact handle and 3 brushing modes! Designed to provide a comfortable grip and promote a better daily oral care routine.


COLOR OPTIONS – All Black, All White, Coral & Black


















Color




Choose an option
Coral & Black
Black
White
Clear
 












Quantity: 




Sonic-FX® SOLO quantity






Add to cart
































Description










Sonic-FX Solo - Compact & Powerful Sonic Toothbrush!


Sonic technology and proprietary brush heads combine to give you whiter teeth, healthier gums, a cleaner, fresher mouth and superior plaque removal. The Sonic-FX Solo toothbrush is capable of over 40,000 strokes per minute, is ultra-lightweight and rechargeable, has twist and lock brush heads for quick and convenient changing and 3 different speeds. The intelligent timer has a 2 minute shut off to ensure optimal brushing time is reached.


In addition to 2 brush heads, the Sonic-FX Solo comes with 1 interdental head, designed to clean hard to reach spots. The interdental head helps prevent gum disease by getting rid of pieces of food and plaque from between your teeth.




Contents:




1 Sonic Toothbrush


2 Regular Brush Heads


1 Interdental Head


1 Power Supply


1 Set of instructions




Want to take your Sonic-FX on the road with you? Check out 
Sonic-FX USB!














Related products






Sonic-FX® SOLO with 11 Brush Heads


$
179.95






Sonic-FX® DUO


$
199.95
















 


























DISTRIBUTED BY:


Beaming White, LLC
 Vancouver, Washington, USA








CONTACT US:


customerservice@sonicfxtoothbrush.com


support.sonicfxtoothbrush.com




Follow
Follow








HOURS:


Monday–Friday
8AM–6PM Pacific
















©
 2018-
 Teeth Whitening Technologies, LLC | All Rights Reserved | 
Privacy Policy
   |  
Terms & Conditions




















 










 









































































































































































