quip | Adult Silver Metal Electric Toothbrush
Shop All
Bundle & Save
See more 
Bundle & Save
Refills
See more 
Refills
Brushes & Paste
See more 
Brushes & Paste
Floss & Water Flosser
See more 
Floss & Water Flosser
Mouthwash & Gum
See more 
Mouthwash & Gum
More Products
See more 
More Products
Virtual Care
1
2
3
4
Silver Metal Adult Electric Toothbrush
Rating 4.2739884393063585 out of 5
38060
 reviews
Good brushing habits made simple, sleek, and sustainable.
What you get:
 Slim handle, Soft-bristle brush head. Timed sonic vibrations, 3-month battery life, & Cover. Optional Mint Anticavity Toothpaste.
Every 3 months: 
Brush head (+ free battery) refill.
 
Learn more
Customize your  Toothbrush
$45
 
$40
Original price was $45, discounted price is $40
Plastic
Metal
Color - 
 
Silver
Want rewards?
 Track & improve your brushing with a Smart Brush for $20 more.
Upgrade Now
Large Anticavity Toothpaste
Anticavity fluoride, xylitol, SLS-free. Helps prevent cavities. Vegan-friendly. New 100% recyclable tube + cap!
Learn more
$7
 
$0
Original price was $7, discounted price is $0
Mint
 
Gum + Refillable Dispenser
Refillable dispenser. Mint Gum Refill. Helps prevent cavities, freshens breath, sugar-free with tooth-friendly xylitol.
Learn more
$45
＋
Add to bundle
Smart Motor
Bluetooth® Smart Motor. Compatible with all quip Electric Toothbrushes. Connect with the quip app to earn rewards.
Learn more
$25
＋
Add to bundle
Refillable Floss Pick
Reusable floss pick with a mirrored dispensing case. One preloaded refill replaces 180 single-use plastic picks.
Learn more
$17
＋
Add to bundle
What's in your refill plan?
We'll automatically deliver fresh supplies every 3 months with a lifetime warranty. Plus, you can cancel or
  switch anytime.
1
x
Original Brush Head + AAA Battery refill
$
7
1
x
Mint Toothpaste refill
$
7
Most Popular
Refill plan starts now
Free shipping today
You will receive a 
$14
 charge every 3 months. Tax & shipping not included.
Your plan:
 
$14 Refills every 3 months
Edit 
You pay today:
$52
 
$40
Original price was $52, discounted price is $40
Add to cart
Simple, guiding features
for a healthy mouth
Sleek electric toothbrushes
Brushes created by dentists and designers with all the guiding features teeth need (and no wires or bulky charger). Starting at $25, for kids too!
Timed sonic vibrations, guiding pulses
3-month battery life & water-resistant
Travel cover doubles as mirror mount
American Dental Association accepted
Clean, eco-friendly paste
Anticavity fluoride to strengthen teeth, with xylitol to help reduce oral bacteria. Plus, a new 100% recyclable plastic tube.
American Dental Association accepted
Helps prevent cavities, vegan, & SLS-free
100% recyclable plastic tube
Refreshing mint & watermelon flavors
Refill plans delivered
Shop for one-time supplies or subscribe to a refill plan to get fresh brush heads, paste, floss, and more delivered every 3 months.
Automatic delivery to your door
Lifetime warranty with refill plan
Edit or cancel your plan anytime
The first subscription Electric Toothbrush, Refillable Floss, Toothpaste & Gum accepted by the ADA.
Frequently asked questions
How does quip compare to a manual or electric brush?
quip combines the low cost, light weight, and simplicity of a manual brush with the guiding features and fresh feel of an electric. Positives we share with many electrics are soft nylon bristles, sensitive vibrations, 2-minute built-in timer, and 30-second pulses. Improvements we made are a longer 3-month battery life, better value (from $25), affordable brush heads, and a lifetime warranty on a refill plan. We also ditched the extra modes, wires, and clunky chargers you don’t need to make quip perfect for every day, everywhere.
How is quip powered?
quip is powered by the same regular or rechargeable batteries as other electric brushes (AAA in our case). The difference with quip is its removable AAA battery that lasts for over 3 months. Other electrics with locked-in batteries may force you to keep a useless brush even if they stop working, or simply add expense with a separate charging stand. But remember, the efficacy of your toothbrush isn’t defined by power itself, but by how well you follow a proper brushing routine.
Can I return quip if not satisfied?
If you don't absolutely love your quip, we accept returns within 30 days of purchase. You'll get a full product cost refund if you use your own label. Should you need a shipping label from our help team, shipping costs will apply for returns of up to four quips in the United States. quip subscriptions are optional and be canceled anytime. 
See full terms.
Do you offer a warranty or lifetime guarantee?
While your quip was designed to last, all quips (that have an active refill plan) are guaranteed for life, just in case something happens. If there's a problem, simply reach out to 
help@getquip.com
 and they'll be able to help you troubleshoot. In the case of manufacturing issues, we'll supply you with a new quip upon inspection of your faulty one (reviewed remotely). Brushes not associated with subscriptions are covered for one year after their initial purchase. 
See full terms.
What are the shipping costs?
Starter set orders with a refill plan ship with free basic shipping in the contiguous United States (4-9 business days) and Canada (6-12 business days). Priority (3-4 business days) and Express (1-2 business days) shipping is also available for $10 and $25 respectively in the United States. Express shipping to Canada (3-4 business days) is available for $25. International shipping on starter sets is $15 and takes an estimated 15 business days. Automatic refill shipments will incur an additional shipping fee.
See full terms
.
See all FAQs
We love our quipsters. 
Stay in touch.
About us
Our story
Our design
Our experts
Reviews
Careers
Oral health
Blog
Tips
iOS app
Android app
Rewards
Professionals
Join our network
Dentists
Dental hygienists
Dental students
Support
Help center
Follow us
facebook-white
 icon
twitter-white
 icon
instagram-white
 icon
Privacy Policy
Terms
CA - Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Accessibility
Copyright © 
2023