




	HS 82 T - HS 82 T petrol-driven hedge trimmer: for optimum hedge trimming



























































LinkedIn






Facebook










STIHL International






STIHL TIMBERSPORTS®














Twitter






Youtube










STIHL International






STIHL TIMBERSPORTS®














Instagram














Press




List
























Products
News


Dealers


Practical knowledge


About Us


Entertainment
















Search


















Startup page
 > 


Products
 > 




STIHL power tools - A great range 
 > 


Hedge trimmers and long-reach hedge trimmers 
 > 


Hedge trimmers 
 > 


HS 82 T























    STIHL power tools - A great range




STIHL Cordless Power Systems




Smart solutions




Chainsaws




Chains, bars and accessories




KombiSystem and MultiSystem




Robotic mowers, lawn mowers, ride-on mowers and lawn scarifiers




Brushcutters and Clearing saws




Garden shredders




Tillers




Hedge trimmers and long-reach hedge trimmers




Hedge trimmers


Cordless power systems hedge trimmers


Electric hedge trimmers


Extended length hedge trimmers


Cordless power systems extended length hedge trimmers


Electric long-reach hedge trimmer


Accessories for hedge trimmers and long-reach hedge trimmers






Special harvester




Cleaning systems




Mistblowers and sprayers




Earth auger and accessories




Cut off machines and concrete cutters




Fuels, oils and accessories




STIHL Personal Protective Equipment




STIHL Brand shop








Magnesium Diecasting


Discover Our Products


Service


Guides / Brochures


Cordless Product Advisor




















Direct product selection:
 
Hedge trimmers








HS 82 T


HS 82 T petrol-driven hedge trimmer: for optimum hedge trimming




General







































    Trimming version of the professional hedge trimmer with STIHL 2-MIX engine. Double-sided cutting blade. Suitable for both vertical and horizontal cutting. Low weight and low vibrational strain. Specially tuned drive with up to 5,100 strokes/minute for high blade speed and therefore a fine cut.
    









































Versions










HS 82 T, Bar length 75 cm









                                Note and compare
                            














HS 82 T, Bar length 50 cm









                                Note and compare
                            














HS 82 T, Bar length 60 cm









                                Note and compare
                            















                    Deviations from the product range and information provided here are possible, depending on the country. STIHL reserves the right to make changes to technical specifications and equipment.
                






Product versions







                            HS 82 R
                        


HS 82 R petrol-driven hedge trimmer: for powerful pruning







                            HS 82 RC-E
                        


HS 82 RC-E petrol-driven hedge trimmer: comfortable thanks to STIHL ErgoStart, for large-volume pruning














Technical specifications






Technical specifications








Technical specifications


Value











                            Displacement

                            
                        



                            22,7

                            cm³
                            
                        







                            Power output

                            
                        



                            0,7

                            kW
                            
                        







                            Weight

                            
1)





                            4,9-5,3

                            kg
                            
                        







                            Sound pressure level

                            
2)





                            95

                            dB(A)
                            
                        







                            Sound power level

                            
2)





                            107

                            dB(A)
                            
                        







                            Vibration levels left/right

                            
3)





                            2,3-2,8/2,3-2,9

                            m/s²
                            
                        







                            Total length

                            
                        



                            109-133

                            cm
                            
                        







                            Tooth spacing

                            
                        



                            30

                            mm
                            
                        







                            Cutting length

                            
                        



                            50-75

                            cm
                            
                        











                    1) Without fuel, complete
                    

                    2) K-factor according to DIR 2006/42/EC = 2.5 dB (A)
                    

                    3) (K) factor according to Dir. 2006/42/EC = 2m/s²
                    








Deviations from the product range and information provided here are possible, depending on the country. STIHL reserves the right to make changes to technical specifications and equipment.






Features






Standard equipment




















Anti-vibration system


Intense vibration at the handles of power tools can lead to long-term effects on blood vessels in the hands and arms. STIHL has therefore developed an effective anti-vibration system whereby the oscillations from the machine's engine are dampened which significantly reduces vibrations at the handles.


















STIHL 2-MIX-Engine


The STIHL 2-mix engine specially designed for the new generation of hedge trimmer combines low consumption and emissions ​​with low weight and excellent acceleration. There are also always sufficient power reserves for cutting thicker shrubs.


















ELECTRONIC IGNITION SYSTEM


RELIABLE STARTING. The electronic ignition system ensures reliable starting and trouble-free engine running. The high ignition voltage of the fully enclosed ignition system ensures a stable ignition spark and a long spark burn time. This also improves fuel combustion and reduces exhaust emissions.


















ROTATABLE MULTI-FUNCTION HANDLE


ERGONOMIC, COMFORTABLE WORKING. The rotatable multi-function handle enables precise and comfortable cutting with your hedge trimmer, both at your side and at head height. It can be rotated 90° to the left and right, and so is also suitable for left-handed and right-handed users. This means the power tool is always in the most ergonomically effective position in your hand.


















MANUAL FUEL PUMP


FOR FEWER STARTING STROKES. The manual fuel pump reduces the number of strokes required to start the power tool, making the start-up process quicker and easier This is particularly helpful after longer breaks in operation. To use it, actuate the pump several times before starting. This will ensure that there is enough petrol in the carburettor when starting.


















TRIMMING VERSION


FOR OPTIMAL SHAPING AND FINE CUTS. Hedge trimmers in the trimming version are ideal for shaping and fine cuts for your hedges and shrubs. The blade geometry has a smaller tooth spacing and lower blade height, and the gear ratio ensures a high stroke rate. This means that even delicate work can be carried out cleanly.


















Suspension lug in handle


N/A














Deviations from the product range and information provided here are possible, depending on the country. STIHL reserves the right to make changes to technical specifications and equipment.






Accessories






Accessories
























STIHL Smart Connector




The STIHL Smart Connector forms the basis for using all STIHL connected functions. These functions can be used via both the STIHL connected App and the STIHL connect Portal. Once correctly attached to a STIHL power tool or another manufacturer’s power tool, the STIHL Smart Connector records operational hours while the machine is running, stores them and transmits them to your smartphone via Bluetooth as soon as it is within range. The data received in the STIHL connected App is transferred to the STIHL Cloud when there is an internet connection. The data is stored there in compliance with data protection regulations. The STIHL connected App and STIHL connected Portal allow you to access your power tool data at any time. STIHL connected opens up new avenues for professional users to obtain a convenient and transparent overview of their own power tool fleet. At the same time, STIHL connected provides information including operational hours, power tool status including reminders of overdue maintenance, the last known location, and whether or not the power tools are currently nearby. For professional users, this means improved digital fleet management, more efficient processes within companies, and even closer contact with STIHL dealers. Private users can also use the system to keep an eye on their power tools and carry out maintenance at the right time.
















Technical specifications


Value











                                Dimensions (l x b x h)

                                
                            



                                53 x 42 x 14
                                mm
                            







                                Signal range

                                
                            



                                ca. 10
                                m
                            







                                Running time per battery charge

                                
                            



                                ca. 1
                                Year
                            







                                Connectivity

                                
                            



                                BLE 4,2
                                
                            







                                Battery

                                
                            



                                3V CR 2.032 
                                
                            







                                Weight

                                
                            



                                20
                                g
                            




















Versions 






Smart Connector





                                        Note and compare
                                    


































Tip protector



                                Prevents the end of the cutter bar from getting damaged while working close to walls and the ground (not suitable for HLA).
                                
                            










Versions 






Tip protector, suitable for HL 91, HL 94





                                        Note and compare
                                    
























Deviations from the product range and information provided here are possible, depending on the country. STIHL reserves the right to make changes to technical specifications and equipment.






Documents




Owners manuals and safety brochures












Languages


Date


Link












 de / fr / it
                            



                                24.07.2018
                            







                                        Download PDF 3,5 MB
                                    







                                        Download PDF 3,5 MB
                                    








































Startup page


Site map


Imprint & Legal Notice


Privacy Policy






Print


Recommend






Recommend










STIHL Social Media






Become a fan of:




Youtube
Channel












 


 






ANDREAS STIHL AG & Co. KG, D-71336 Waiblingen



















