EverPure Sulfate-Free Moisture Shampoo deeply replenishes dry hair with 2X more moisture than non-conditioning shampoo. It’s gentle on color-treated hair and keeps color pure for up to 4 weeks. Plus, the rosemary-infused, sulfate-free formula:

Doesn’t contain harsh salts or surfactants

Doesn’t dull or damage hair

Leaves hair soft with luminous shine

Is gluten-free and mineral oil free

Packaging may vary*

WHO SHOULD USE

EverPure Sulfate-Free Moisture Shampoo is suitable for all hair types. You should especially reach for this color-protection shampoo if you have:

Dry hair

Dull hair

Color-treated hair

Hair that needs a boost of moisture

WHEN TO USE

EverPure Sulfate-Free Moisture Shampoo is safe to use daily.

HOW TO USE

We know hair washing is pretty simple, right? Well, just in case you need a refresher, follow these steps:

Step 1. Apply shampoo to wet hair.

Step 2. Massage gently into a thick lather.

Step 3. Rinse thoroughly. Then follow with EverPure Sulfate-Free Moisture Conditioner.

INGREDIENTS

Rosemary

Rosemary or Rosmarinus officinalis L. is an evergreen herb known for its distinct fragrance and its enhancement in blood flow, making it a viable ingredient for hair serums and oils. Studies have shown that rosemary oil helps promote hair growth — in some cases just as effectively as minoxidil. It also has proven antibacterial and antioxidant benefits, which explains why many people keep rosemary oil in the home at all times.

Other Ingredients:

Water, Coco-betaine, Disodium Laureth Sulfosuccinate, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Sodium Lauryl Sulfoacetate, Sodium Lauroyl Sarcosinate, Glycol Distearate, Sodium Chloride, Decyl Glucoside, Fragrance, Polyquaternium-10, Amodimethicone, Ppg-5-ceteth-20, Hydrogenated Coconut Acid, Peg-55 Propylene Glycol Oleate, Sodium Hydroxide, Propylene Glycol, Carbomer, Acrylates/beheneth-25 Methacrylate Copolymer, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Sodium Isethionate, Benzyl Salicylate, Benzoic Acid, Hexyl Cinnamal, Linalool, Tocopherol, Trideceth-6, Benzyl Alcohol, Benzophenone-4, Limonene, Magnesium Nitrate, Sodium Acetate, Cetrimonium Chloride, Sodium Benzoate, Isopropyl Alcohol, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Rosemary Leaf Oil, Magnesium Chloride, Methylisothiazolinone, Bht, Citric Acid Fil Code D192026/1

ENVIRONMENTAL & SOCIAL IMPACT

L'Oréal Paris is committed to continually improving the impact of its products throughout the product lifecycle, including the production and anticipated usage. This tool is designed to help assess the relative environmental & social impact of US L'Oréal Paris Products compared to other L’Oreal Groupe products in the same category around the world in 2020.

The calculation method was developed with the help of independent scientific experts and Bureau Veritas Certification, an independent auditor. The score takes into account 14 environmental impact factors all along the product's life cycle.

Learn more about the methodology here

Overall environmental impact

Compared to other similar L'Oréal Groupe products sold worldwide in 2020

Carbon Footprint

98g per average amount used

95g per 10mL

Water Footprint

9.6 per average amount used

9.3 per 10mL

Every consumer product has some impact on the environment. A good score here does not mean a product has a positive impact or no impact on the environment. The letters and colors used in this tool are designed to help you make comparisons to other similar products in L'Oréal's global portfolio, so you can make more informed choices.

Manufacturing conditions

Made in a responsible manufacturing plant

Waste Recovery: 98%

Renewable Energy: 100%

Packaging facts

% of cardboard/paper certified FSC™ or PEFC: 0%

% of recycled material including colorant: 0%

Refillable or rechargeable: No

Social impact of the product

The ingredients and components of this product are sourced from suppliers committed to respect the fundamental principles of the UN on labor standards.

1 or more suppliers used in the making of this product are part of the L’Oreal Solidarity Sourcing Program.

Discover our evaluation methodology and all that we are implementing to reduce our impacts together. 

LEARN MORE