The Bionaire
®
 99.99% True HEPA Air Purifier with UV Technology is laboratory tested to capture 99.99% of airborne allergens & pollutants as small as 0.3 Microns. UV Technology and 3 cleaning speeds help to remove allergens from the air and reduce germs, viruses, bacteria, mould and fungi*.

Designed for allergy sufferers, Bionaire
®
 Allergen Defender Air Purifiers help reduce pollen, mould spores, fungi, viruses and bacteria to create a healthier, cleaner home.* With 3 cleaning levels to keep indoor air pure and fresh and a 24-hour programmable timer be the master of your air. The advanced HEPA filtration technology helps to clean the air in your home with the 3-Stage Air Purification System:

Stage 1:
 Washable pre-filter helps capture larger particles and extends the life of the filter.

Stage 2:
 True HEPA filter removes up to 99.99% if airborne allergens as small as 0.3 microns including smoke, dust, pollen, mould spores and pet dander from air passing through the filter.

Stage 3:
 Optional ionizer setting naturally improves performance while refreshing the air.

This unit is ENERGY STAR certified which provides 40% more energy efficient than standard models.

UV technology helps to reduce bacteria and viruses

Labratory tested to capture 99.99% of airborne allergens & pollutants as small as 0.3 Microns

Utilizes our most powerful filtration ever - 99.99% True HEPA

Choose from 3 cleaning levels to keep indoor air fresh and pure

Up to 24 hour programmable timer

Filter service indicator alerts you when filter cleaning is required

Advanced design ensures quiet operation and maximum air circulation

Easy to read LED display

Compatible with all aer1® ready air purifier filters

Limited 3 year warranty

Why Purify Your Air?

We Purify Our Water, Why Not Our Air?

We eat organic food, drink filtered water and clean with anti-bacterial products. What about the air you and your family breathe? The fibers released from furniture, drapery, carpeting and clothing, drift and settle around the home each time they are touched. Also, when you vacuum up dirt and dust with a vacuum cleaner, you the vacuum actually spits out dirt and debris while you are cleaning! 
Even in the cleanest homes, don’t be fooled by what you cannot see. These culprits may not be visible, but they are there wreaking havoc on the well-being of you and your family. 

How Does an Air Purifier Work ?
Air purifiers are designed to help remove airborne particles and odors from air passing through the filter. 

Using fans the dirty air is brought in through an intake grill
The air then passes through filters helping to remove pollutants, allergens, and other contaminants from the Air your breathe.
After the air is filtered, a fan distributes the clean air back into the room.