Sharp Plasmacluster Ion Air Purifier with True HEPA for Medium Rooms (FPK50UW)

Effective up to 1,253 sq. ft. at one air change per hour, the FPK50UW will filter the air in the AHAM Suggested Room Size of 259 sq ft. at 4.8 air changes per hour

Recommended for Medium-Sized Rooms, Kitchen, Den, Bedroom, or Office

Plasmacluster® Ion Technology, 7000 Series

True HEPA Filter Captures 99.97% of Particles from the Air that Passes Through the Filter 0.3 Microns and Larger

Activated Carbon Filter Designed to Help Reduce Some Common Household Odors

Included True HEPA Filter and Activated Carbon Filter May Last up-to 2 Years Depending on Environment

Max, Med, Sleep Fan Speeds, Plus Express Clean

CADR: Smoke (167) / Dust (171) / Pollen (188)

ENERGY STAR® Rated, AHAM Verifide Tested, and California Air Resources Board (CARB) Certified

AIR PURIFICATION FROM A BRAND YOU TRUST

You know the importance of indoor air quality. You should have an air purifier from a brand you trust.

The Plasmacluster™ 7000 Series FPK50UW Air Purifier by SHARP is your choice for medium-sized rooms. Effective up to 1,253 sq. ft. at one air change per hour, the FPK50UW will filter the air in the AHAM Suggested Room Size of 259 sq. ft. at 4.8 air changes per hour.

Raise your expectations of an air purifier and ensure a lower total cost of ownership over the years. Other brands may suggest replacing the filters every six months; that can really add up! Both the SHARP long-life True HEPA filter and the long-life Activated Carbon filter last up-to 2 years, depending on the environment. The FPK50UW meets the strict energy efficiency criteria to earn the ENERGY STAR® Rating. According to energystar.gov, Energy Star Rated products use less energy, save you money on your electricity bill, and help protect the environment by causing fewer harmful emissions from power plants.

The triple filtration system helps clean the air that passes through the filters in three ways. The washable, microscreen pre-filter traps dust and other large airborne particles. The activated carbon deodorizing filter helps reduce some common household odors. Finally, the True HEPA filter effectively captures 99.97% of particles from the air that passes through the filter from 0.3 microns and larger.

Beyond passive filtration, our FPK50UW features Plasmacluster™ Ion Technology for an active cleaning process. SHARP Plasmacluster™ Ion Technology has been tested around the world by laboratories in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Japan, South Korea, China, and Vietnam.

The FPK50UW is AHAM Verifide Tested to provide a Clean Air Delivery Rate (CADR) for three common irritants and allergens, Smoke (167), Dust (171), and Pollen (188). It is certified by the California Air Resources Board (CARB) to meet its strict emission standards.

The FPK50UW features Max, Med, and Sleep fan speeds, plus Express Clean, which runs for 60 minutes on Max before returning to the previous setting. The Library Quiet™ Sleep setting is perfect for the bedroom.

SHARP Plasmacluster™ Ion Technology has been used in over 100 million products worldwide, including leading auto makers and refrigeration appliance manufacturers. It’s no wonder people around the world trust SHARP. Now that is Simply Better Living.