The A3 asthma & allergy friendly® special edition comes preselected with the Odor Remover customized filter.

Why is the A3 air purifier CERTIFIED asthma & allergy friendly® by the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America (AAFA)?
The asthma & allergy friendly® Certification Program, administered by the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America (AAFA) in partnership with the international research organization Allergy Standards Limited (ASL), is an independent program created to scientifically test and identify consumer products that are more suitable for people with asthma and allergies. The Certification Program has included certifying air cleaners in order to address some of the contaminants that may be present in indoor air and to scientifically validate that air cleaners contribute to the goal of allergen reduction.

In order to be CERTIFIED, the A3 asthma & allergy friendly® air cleaners have passed testing and meet the following criteria:

The air cleaner can reduce bio-allergen level in a defined space.

The reduction in bio-allergen is a result of actual removal and not just re-distribution.

The air cleaner does not contribute to ozone levels in the home.

6-stage filtration

Five-year warranty

Covers up to 1070 sq.ft.

Effective Filtration

Next Generation HEPA Filtration

HEPA is the most trusted filtration technology in the world, used by hospitals, high-tech clean rooms, and scientific laboratories. Our advanced BioGS® HEPA filtration system is true-HEPA rated. It builds and improves on the traditional HEPA; composed of a proprietary fiber material, it traps allergens and particles 0.3 microns in size at 99.97% efficiency and particles less than 0.1 microns in size at higher than 99% efficiency.

Our BioGS HEPA filters traps and reduces common allergens and bacteria trapped on the filter to support optimum filter efficiency and prolong filter life. Unlike traditional HEPA filters which could allow bacteria and virus to grow over time.

We got you Covered!

The A3 easily handles the most common allergens and pollutants in the home and many more.

Dust mites

Mold & fungi

Pet dander

Pollen

VOCs

Bacteria & particles that carry viruses

Look Inside

Stage 1
Pre-Filter

Stage 2
Medium Filter

Stage 3
Charcoal Filter

Stage 4
HEPA Filter

Stage 5
Customized Filter

Stage 6
Negative Ions

Stage 1. Pre-Filter

The Pre-Filter effectively traps and reduces large sized allergens, dust, and particles.

Traps and reduces:

Dust mite matter allergen

Large particles

Pet hair

Pollen

Next stage: Medium Filter

Stage 2. Medium Filter

The Medium Filter traps and reduces airborne particles larger than 1 micron in size, such as pollen and pet dander allergens.

Traps and reduces:

Pet dander allergens

Dust particles

Pet hair

Pollen

Previous stage: Pre-Filter

Next stage: Charcoal Filter

Stage 3. Activated Carbon Charcoal Filter

Made of high-grade granular activated carbon, our AC filter is much more effective than typical AC filters, which are coated with a thin layer of activated carbon. Chemicals and common household odors can be effectively reduced.

Traps and reduces:

Cooking odors

Exhaust fumes

Greenhouse gases

Household odors

Pet odors

Tobacco smoke

Volatile organic compounds (VOCs)

Previous stage: Medium Filter

Next stage: HEPA Filter

Stage 4. BioGS® HEPA Filter

Our advanced BioGS HEPA filtration system builds and improves on the traditional HEPA—composed of an electrostatic-charged proprietary fiber material, it traps particles as small as 0.1 microns in size at 99% efficiency. Unlike traditional HEPA filters that might allow the growth of bacteria and viruses over time, our BioGS HEPA filters trap and reduce common allergens and bacteria trapped on the filter to support optimum filter efficiency and prolong filter life.

HEPA filter comparison

Rabbit Air BioGS HEPA Filter

Common allergens and bacteria trapped and reduced by the BioGS HEPA filter over time.

BioGS HEPA Filter

Typical HEPA Filter

Traps allergen and particles 0.3 microns in size at 99.97% efficiency and over 99% efficiency for particles less than 0.1 microns

Yes

Yes

Reduces common allergens

Yes

No

Reduces the growth of bacteria and viruses on the filter

Yes

No

Prolongs optimal filter efficiency

Yes

No

Traps and reduces:

Bacteria

Cooking odors

Dander

Dust particles

Pet odors

Exhaust fumes

Mold & fungi

Pet hair

Pollen

Particles that can carry virus

Previous stage: Charcoal Filter

Next stage: Customized Filter

Stage