TruSens Z-1000 Air Purifier, Personal/Small Room

SKU: Z1000AU

1, 2 Turbo!

From quiet speed to Turbo cleaning mode, the Z-1000 has been carefully optimized to deliver cleaner air. Packed with features, such as a powerful axial-centrifugal fan, PureDirect technology, UV sterilization mode and separate Carbon and HEPA filter replacement indicators, this little superhero does the job.

Simple Touch Controls

No clunky knobs or buttons to push. Just a simple touch will do.

360 Degree Filtration

The filter draws in air from every direction, collecting pollutants from around the room.

PureDirect Technology

Two airflow streams are better than one, moving air more effectively throughout the room.

Technologically advanced air purifier with DuPont filtration reduces pollutants in your personal space and improves your home air quality. The sleek design and compact style are ideal for any small space.

PureDirect technology distributes air more comfortably and effectively

This proprietary technology uses two airflow streams, distributing air further and more evenly throughout your room

360 degree DuPont HEPA filter captures pollutants and VOC gases/odours from all directions. UV light kills germs and bacteria that can get trapped in the filter.

Simple touch-button control of fan speed, UV mode, and filter replacement indicators

Contemporary design that compliments any home environment. Portability is easy with the sleek, integrated handle.

Product Specifications

Size: Small

Type: Standard Air Purifier

Sensor: Not Included

Air Delivery Type: PureDirect

Air changed 2 times per hour: 23 sq m

Purification Levels: UV, Carbon Filter, HEPA Type Filter

Fan Speeds: 3

Auto Mode: No

Dimmer Mode: No

Filter Change Indicator Type: Carbon, HEPA, UV

Detailed Color: White

Dimensions: 7 x 7 x 17 in (195 x 195 x 451 mm)

Watts: 40

Motor Type: AC Motor

Noise Level: 39 - 65 dB

Weight (KG): 4

Period of Warranty: 2 years

Dated_Indicator: Undated

Hertz: 60

Volts: 120

Pack Quantity: 1