Dyson Purifier Cool™ Formaldehyde air purifier TP09 (White/Gold)

Captures dust, allergens and haze particles. Removes 99.95% of particles as small as PM 0.1.*

The HEPA H13 filter captures 99.95% of particles as small as 0.1 microns.
4

Purifies the whole room, tested in 81m
3
 room.

Our latest purifier detects and destroys formaldehyde, continuously
It combines a precise solid-state formaldehyde sensor with a unique catalytic filter that continuously destroys formaldehyde. HEPA H13 and activated carbon filters also capture dust, allergens, gases
6
 and other ultrafine pollutants. And Dyson purifiers have powerful Air Multiplier™ technology to purify the whole room.
7

Technology
Senses and reports, automatically

Integrated sensors constantly analyse your air, while our unique algorithm cross-checks data every second. It diagnoses pollutants at a molecular level, displaying live results on the LCD.

Captures gases and ultrafine particles

The HEPA H13 filter captures 99.95% of particles as small as 0.1 microns.
4
A layer of activated carbon also removes odours and gases including VOCs
6
.

Destroys formaldehyde, continuously

The Dyson catalytic filter continuously traps and breaks down formaldehyde
3
molecules into water and CO
2
. And it never needs replacing.

Purifies the whole room, tested in 81m
3
room.
7

Dyson air purifiers have Air Multiplier™ technology. It generates the circulation power to draw even distant pollutants into the machine, projecting purified air throughout the room.
7

Fully sealed to HEPA standard

In our latest purifiers, it's not just the filter that meets HEPA H13 standard, it's the whole machine
8
. So what goes inside, stays inside.

Precisely detects formaldehyde

Our latest purifiers use a solid-state sensor to detect formaldehyde molecules – 500 times smaller than 0.1 microns. Maintains precision for the lifetime of the machine.

Features
Cools you

In warmer weather, a powerful stream of purified airflow can cool you down.

Diffused mode

Diverts airflow through the back of the machine. To purify, without cooling you.

Now 20% quieter

Acoustically engineered to reduce turbulence, so it's 20% quieter than the previous model.

App control

Control and monitor air your quality from anywhere using the Dyson Link app.
9

Oscillates up to 350 ̊

Adjustable oscillation projects purified air around the whole room.

Voice control

Control it hands-free with compatible voice services.
10

Night mode

For lighter sleepers. Monitors and purifies using the quietest settings, along with a dimmed display.

Easy filter care

The filter is quick and easy to change. With automatic filter-life notifications on the LCD or Dyson Link app.
9

Remote

Curved and magnetised to store neatly on top of the machine.

Asthma and Allergy Friendly

Certified asthma & allergy friendly™ by Allergy Standards Limited.