









Large Quilted Sunbrella Fabric Hammock - Spectrum Sand | QSSAND | Pawleys Island Hammocks
















































































































































 


 




















×








View Cart & Checkout




Products






Your Cart Is Empty.
















Add a Coupon




















*Only one coupon per order








 
Subtotal: 
 
$0.00




Shipping: 
 
$0.00






Shipping Discount:
 
 
(0.00)






Product Discount:
 
(0.00)




Sales Tax: 
 
TBA




Total: 
 
$0.00














View Cart & Checkout












×




Made to Order Notice - Up to 10 - 12 Weeks Lead Time On Select Items


Due to high demand of our handcrafted product and our current measures to protect the safety of our employees, please expect delays in processing and delivering of your order. We are working diligently to do our best to meet all of your needs.


































Leap into Savings Sale!


 Free Shipping on Orders $89+ 


Use Code: 
LEAPDAY








 












Insiders


Track Order


Contact


Our Store


Sign in


0
















































Hammocks






 






Rope Hammocks


Quilted Hammocks


 
Soft Weave Hammocks


 
Quick Dry Hammocks


 
Tufted Hammocks 


 
Travel Hammocks 


Hammock Pillows


Hammock Combos


 
Hammock Stands






 
Hammock Accessories


 
In Stock Hammocks


Shop All Hammocks




 




 




Swings






 






Single Rope Swings


Single Cushioned Swings


 
Single Tufted Swings


 
Double Rope Swings


Double Cushioned Swings


Double DURAWOOD® Swings


 
Swing Stands


 
Accessories


 
In Stock Swings


Shop All Swings






 




 






 




Curtains & Pillows






 






 Grommet Top Curtains 


 Tab Top Curtains 


 
Hammock Pillows


 
Decorative Pillows






 




 










Outdoor Furniture






 






Adirondack Chairs


Rockers


Benches / Chaise Lounges 


Swings


 
Tables


 
Foot Rests


 
Coastal Rope Furniture


Dining Height Furniture


Counter Height Furniture


 
Bar Height Furniture


 
Furniture Combos


 
Accessories






Shop All Furniture


 
In Stock Furniture


Shop by Collection 
 




Essentials


Sunrise


Crescent


Refined


Nest


Terrace


Heritage Woodgrain






 






 




Comfort Deep Seating






 






Chairs & Sofas


Swings


 
Tables


 
Combos






Shop by Collection




Seaglass


Coastal Fog


Regatta


Lakeside Lodge


Solar


Classic






 










More






 






New


Pets


Fire Pits


 
All Accessories


 
Replacement Parts


 
All In Stock Products






 




 








Sale


































0


















Home


Hammocks


Swings


Curtains & Pillows


Outdoor Furniture


Comfort Deep Seating


More


Sale




Sign In 
 


Pawleys Insiders






×
























Large Quilted Sunbrella Fabric Hammock - Spectrum Sand





              In Stock Ships Today! 














































https://pawleysislandhammocks.com/product/Large-Quilted-Sunbrella-Fabric-Hammock-Spectrum-Sand/QSSAND


 






































Large Quilted Sunbrella Fabric Hammock - Spectrum Sand


by #item.brand#
 
Item #: QSSAND



                    In Stock Ships Today! 














































https://pawleysislandhammocks.com/product/Large-Quilted-Sunbrella-Fabric-Hammock-Spectrum-Sand/QSSAND


 






 
$329.99
 


Sale:
 $299.99




 


 
Shipping: $20.00












Qty:
























































Features / Details




 
Hammock Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!
Durable Fabrics:
 All-Weather Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.
DURACORD® Rope:
 Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.
Oak Spreader Bar:
 Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life.
Rolled Rim Grommets with Spur Washers:
 One-of-a-kind grommet, when compared to telescoping grommets used by most of our competitors, that creates a more secure bond between fabric and ring knot.
Zinc Plated Hardware:
 We plate all hanging hardware, with zinc to protect against rust and ensure an overall longer outdoor life.
Non-absorbent Padding:
 Polyester fiberfill batting lines the inside of the hammock. The fiberfill is a nonabsorbent material allowing water to drain through and provide quick drying.
Handcrafted in the Carolinas:
 Manufactured in the Carolinas using the finest parts and industry leading techniques.
 








Specs




Country of Origin
USA
Shipping
USA and Canada
Color
Spectrum Sand
Material
Top Fabric: Sunbrella Spectrum Sand
 Bottom Fabric: DURACORD® Cream
Accommodates
2 people
Bed Length
6 ft. 10 in.
Width
55 in.
Length
13 ft.
Weight Capacity
450 lbs.
Hardware
Includes (2) Zinc-plated chains and (2) Tree hooks
Includes
Tree Hooks
Hanging Distance
14-16 ft.
Hanging Height
4 ft.
Care
Use Oxyclean or a Mild Detergent, Water and a Soft Scrub Brush
Warranty
1 year
Weight
14 lbs.
Size
13 ft. L x 55 in. W
Assembly Instructions
 














Durable Outdoor Fabrics


All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Fabric is resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.








DuraCord® Rope


Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.








Cumaru Spreader Bar


Brazilian Teak hardwood, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks.








Oak Spreader Bar


Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life.








Rolled Rim Grommets with Spur Washers


Compared to telescoping grommets used by most of our competitors, our Rolled Rim Grommets create the most secure bond between fabric and ring knot, withstanding more stress and heavier use.








Zinc Plated Hardware


We plate all hanging hardware, with zinc to protect against rust and ensure an overall longer outdoor life.








Galvanized Hardware


Galvanized steel is used for all of our hanging chains and hardware for added support and superior rust protection.








Non-absorbent Padding


Polyester fiberfill batting lines the inside of the hammock. The fiberfill is a nonabsorbent material allowing water to drain through and provide quick drying.








Handcrafted in the Carolinas


Manufactured and assembled by outdoor experts using the highest quality materials.












Description




 
*Stand Sold Separately.
In the Southeastern U.S., sand is to the beach kind of like what sugar is to iced tea: You don't generally find one without the other! And nothing in the world says relaxation quite the way our summertime soft-sand South Carolina beaches do.
This superbly crafted, supremely durable two-person quilted fabric hammock delivers the soul-sweet flavor of Lowcountry seaside abandon that you can drink in season after season, right there in your own back yard! 
An Original Pawleys Island® Spectrum Sand Large Quilted Hammock is two layers of industry-leading all-weather, solution-dyed synthetic fabric — the top is 
Sunbrella®
 in the Spectrum Sand color, while the bottom and side-binding are 
DURACORD®
 in a solid neutral color — lockstitched over a 1-inch center of plush, resilient, nonabsorbent polyester fiberfill batting to create 18 individual pillowy cushions running the length of the hammock bed.
Durable Fabrics
Not only is the craftsmanship of our hammocks the highest level of quality, but we also choose the highest quality outdoor fabrics as well. We use a combination of 
Sunbrella® Fabric
 and our in-house brand 
DURACORD® Fabric
. Sunbrella branded fabric is the foremost fabric in the outdoor industry made from 100% solution dyed acrylic. 
Solution-dyed acrylic
, which means the fibers of the fabric are dyed in color before they are woven into the fabric. Sunbrella is not printed or dyed after the fabric is made. Sunbrella® is water resistant and will not fade. You can even soak it in bleach and the color will remain the same. Which is why to use Sunbrella® fabric on the tops of our hammocks. DURACORD® is not only fast-drying but is also resistant to rot, mold, mildew, and staining, as well as Sunbrella. We use the DURACORD® Fabric on the bottom of our Fabric Hammocks because has better abrasion resistance than Sunbrella.
DURACORD® Rope
Our own proprietary solution-dyed synthetic blend of rope, 
DURACORD®
, blends the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. Made in the Carolinas, this combination yields a rope that has excellent color steadfastness and superior feel. DURACORD® is dyed when spun, producing a rope that is colored all the way through. Like a carrot when sliced open, DURACORD® has the same color on both the inside and the outside. Our DURACORD® rope is the densest rope on the hammock market at 85 ft./lb., this results in less stretching and increased support when relaxing in your hammock. 
Oak Spreader Bar
A wood that is naturally resistant to both rot and insect infestation, and has oils that repel water, 
Oak
 blends both exceptional strength and a handsome appearance. Our Oak spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish allowing a longer outdoor life and exceptional good looks. Our Oak spreader bars are a full 1 inch thick, compared to most other competitor’s spreader bars that measure at ⅞ inch. A thicker spreader bar allows more holes for rope, allowing the hammock bed to sit firmly on the hammock. Our spreader bars also feature countersink drilled holes. 
Countersink drilling
 is a technique that uses a trumpet drill bit that produces a hole with no hard angles, allowing the rope to pass through without any sharp edges to wear the rope. 
Rolled Rim Grommets with Spur Washers
We are very particular with every aspect of our hammocks even down to the grommets on all our fabric hammocks. Every grommet we use has tiny spurs on the back of the connecting washer forcing part of the fabric into the lip of the grommet itself, creating a more secure bond. We have also experimented with making the fabric around the grommet stronger by sewing an “X” on the fabric before placing the grommet, by adding that extra stitching it gives those tiny spurs more fabric to grip onto. The industry standard, however, is the telescoping grommet, which our testing has shown rips lose from fabric before the rolled-rim grommet every time. 
Hardware
We plate all our hanging hardware with Zinc Plated Coating, including both tree hooks that come standard with our hammocks. The zinc plated coating prevents the accumulation of rust and ensures a longer outdoor life. Our very own One-piece ring-knot and chain, a product of years of development, permanently attaches the chain to the O-ring. This produces a hammock that is more durable and most importantly makes it impossible to lose the chain. 
Non-absorbent Padding
Each of our Quilted Hammocks is filled with a 
non-absorbent
 polyester fiberfill batting that is sewn in between the two layers of fabric. The filling adds a pillow-like softness to the already comfortable fabric hammock. The fiberfill is a nonabsorbent material allowing water to drain through and provide quick drying.
 








Product Reviews


























 






Recommended Accessories










 










Hammock Tree Straps 
by Pawleys Island








 
 $29.99 




 








Qty:












Add to Cart:


 






 










Long Plush Sunbrella® Hammock Pillow - Cream 
by Hatteras Hammocks








 
 $84.99 




 








Qty:












Add to Cart:


 






 










32 Ounce 303 Fabric Cleaner 
by Sunbrella








 
 $24.99 




 








Qty:












Add to Cart:


 






 










15 ft. TRI-BEAM® Steel Hammock Stand with Right Connection Design and Cape Shield Powder Coating - Bronze 
by Hatteras Hammocks








 
 $289.99 




 








Qty:












Add to Cart:


 












 








 








Customers Also 
Viewed




















Large Quilted Sunbrella Fabric Hammock - Expand Dove 
by Pawleys Island




$329.99
















Large Quilted Sunbrella Fabric Hammock - Equal Ink 
by Pawleys Island




$329.99










Limited Quantity!






DURACORD® Large Quilted Fabric Hammock - Leaf Green 
by Pawleys Island




$329.99
















Large Quilted Sunbrella Fabric Hammock - Canvas Granite 
by Pawleys Island




$329.99








 




























Hammocks


Swings


Curtains & Pillows


Outdoor Furniture


Comfort Deep Seating


More


Sale




















About




Blog


Craftsmanship & Quality






News


Our Story


Our Store


Our Workshop


Reviews


Book Consultation














Support








Assembly Instructions


B2B Quote Request


Care and Maintenance


Contact Information


FAQ


Gift Cards






Promotions


Replacement Parts


Return Policy


Sales Tax


Shipping Times and Information


Dealer Locator


Tracking




























































Find Us: 




 






 


































 
(252) 295-0407


M - F 8:00am - 4:30pm




 










Privacy Policy
 | 
Conditions of Use
 | Copyright © 2024 Pawleys Island Hammocks















































<![endif]-->













 

















































