









Antique Brown Large Soft Spun Polyester Rope Hammock


















































































































































































×








View Cart & Checkout




Products






Your Cart Is Empty.
















Add a Coupon




















*Only one coupon per order








 
Subtotal: 
 
$0.00




Shipping: 
 
$0.00






Shipping Discount:
 
 
(0.00)






Product Discount:
 
(0.00)




Sales Tax: 
 
TBA




Total: 
 
$0.00












View Cart & Checkout




















Holiday Sale! 
5% Off All Orders
 Plus Free Shipping / Use Code: 
HOLIDAY




















MENU






























HAMMOCKS






Rope 


Quilted 


Pillow top 


Soft Weave 


Travel 










HAMMOCK COMBOS


STANDS


SWINGS


FURNITURE


ACCESSORIES






















0


























 


 


 














13 ft. Double Antique Brown Polyester Rope Hammock with Hanging Hardware & Storage Bag Included








































13 ft. Double Antique Brown Polyester Rope Hammock with Hanging Hardware & Storage Bag Included


Item #: PC-13PABSB



                  In Stock! Ships Today!  


 
 


 $89.99 












 












Qty:






































Features






 
 Soft Max-Density Rope:
 8 mm thick polyester rope is designed for maximum density without sacrificing comfort. Maximum density 8mm rope improves comfort by significantly reducing rope elongation under tension. This ensures a natural, more supportive fit.
Precision Weaving:
 Individual ropes pull against each other to produce a lattice-like design, thus eliminating the need for knots within the rope bed itself. NOTE: The hammock may be up to 2-3 feet shorter than its specifications, to allow for its ropes' natural tendency to stretch the first few times the hammock is used.
Durable Spreader Bars:
 Hardwood spreader bar features countersunk spreader bar holes that reduce the severity of the friction between rope and wood.
 Hardware & Storage Bag Included:
 (2) Zinc-plated chains (2) tree hooks and (1) hammock storage bag is included, no additional purchase is necessary.
 
























Recommended 
Accessories








 






 


15 ft. Steel Arc Hammock Stand with Cape Shield Powder Coating - Taupe 




 
 


$269.99














Qty:












Add to Cart:
      
 




 






 


Hammock Tree Straps 




 
 


$29.99














Qty:












Add to Cart:
      
 
























Description






The Castaway Living  Antique Brown Polyester Rope Hammock, one of our most popular items, is also among the 
best hammock values 
you’ll find anywhere – shop around and see! 
Hand-woven 
from precision-twisted 3-ply soft spun polyester rope, this bargain of a hammock offers the most in comfort!




Our soft spun polyester rope is 
8mm thick
; far more importantly, its designed for maximum density without sacrificing comfort. Max-Density 8mm rope improves comfort by significantly reducing rope elongation under tension. This ensures a natural, more supportive fit. Less dense, lighter rope hammocks (even those advertised at 8mm thick) stretch excessively under tension, causing discomfort and dangerous rounding of the spine.


Each hammock is composed of over 
1000 feet
 of densely woven polyester fibers. Tightly-woven hammocks boast functional beauty: See the quality yourself in the double-looped strands connecting the bed of your hammock to the hand-braided ring knots. Many manufacturers skimp on the loop attachments, which equates to less rope and an uncomfortably loose weave.


Our industry-leading weave is supported by 
durable hardwood spreader bars
. Your hammock rope passes through the holes of these bars, producing substantial friction. We have countersunk your spreader bar holes, reducing the severity of the friction between rope and wood. Competing spreader bars without countersinking constantly rub hammock rope against a sharp right angle, drastically reducing durability. Your hammock will significantly outperform non-countersunk varieties.


This product 
includes two sets of chains
 that provide 15 inches of hanging flexibility on either side of your hammock. We also include two tree hooks with this hammock. If you have a frame or pair of trees 13-16 ft. apart, this hammock is ready to install right out of the box. No additional purchase necessary.










Specs




 
Rope
3 ply (8mm total)
Country of Origin
India or China
Shipping
USA Only
Brand
Castaway Living
Material
Polyester
Accommodates
2 People
Bed Length
6 ft 10 in
Width
55 in.
Length
13 ft.
Weight Capacity
450 lbs.
Hardware
(2) Zinc Plated Extension Chains, (2) Stainless Steel Tree Hooks & (1) Hammock Storage Bag
Hanging Distance
13-16 ft.
Hanging Height
4-5 ft.
Care
Use Oxyclean or a Mild Detergent, Water, and a Soft Scrub Brush
Warranty
1-Year Limited Warranty
Weight
14 lbs.
Rope Hammock Instructions.pdf
 










Product Reviews
























Related Items








 






 


13 ft. Double Traditional Cotton Rope Hammock with Hanging Hardware Included 
by Castaway Living




 
Sale: $64.99


$64.99








 






 


13 ft. Double Traditional Cotton Rope Hammock with Heavy Duty Hammock Stand Combo 
by Castaway Living




 
Sale: $159.99


$159.99








 






 


13 ft. Double Green Polyester Rope Hammock with Hanging Hardware & Storage Bag Included 
by Castaway Living




 
 


$89.99








 






 


13 ft. Double Navy Polyester Rope Hammock with Hanging Hardware & Storage Bag Included 
by Castaway Living




 
 


$89.99








 






 


13 ft. Double Oatmeal Polyester Rope Hammock with Hanging Hardware & Storage Bag Included 
by Castaway Living




 
 


$89.99








 






 


13 ft. Double Traditional Cotton Rope Hammock with Hanging Hardware & Storage Bag Included 
by Castaway Living




 
 


$89.99
















 


































Bring the Adventure Home


















Castaway Living delivers relaxation straight to your front door! We'd love to see how you unwind with Castaway Living. Submit your pics for a chance to be featured on our Instagram and Facebook.




































ABOUT


SUPPORT


REVIEWS


GIFT CARD


CONTACT


































































PRIVACY POLICY
 | COPYRIGHT © 2021 CASTAWAY LIVING



























































































