Archer C7 V5

                      Archer C7 V4

                      Archer C7 V5

AC1750 Wireless Dual Band Gigabit Router

Supports 802.11ac standard - Faster than wireless N speeds*

Simultaneous 2.4GHz 450 Mbps and 5GHz 1300 Mbps connections for 1.75Gbps of total available bandwidth*

USB Port - easily shares files & media with networked devices or remotely via FTP server

Guest Network Access - provides secure Wi-Fi access for guests sharing your home or office network

Easy setup and management with Tether App

BUY NOW

AC1750 Wireless Dual Band Gigabit Router - Archer C7

Why 802.11ac

Overview

The New York Times

“The Best Router

for Most People”

AC1750 Wireless Dual Band Gigabit Router

Archer C7

*A review of dozens of wireless routers by the New York Times in collaboration with The Wirecutter concluded that the Archer C7 is the best option for most consumers.

The New WiFi Standard for an Advanced Online Experience

The Archer C7 is a fast 802.11ac router with incredible range. It's better than many routers that are twice as expensive. This advanced WiFi is designed for high-traffic online activities and can help to run applications at triple the speed of the previous 802.11n standard.*

1300Mbps

450Mbps

Concurrent Dual Band Connections for Lag-Free Work and Entertainment

The Archer C7 operates both the 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands, ensuring amazing wireless performance. Simple tasks like sending e-mails or web browsing can be handled by the 2.4GHz band while bandwidth intensive tasks like online gaming or HD video streaming can be processed by the 5GHz band – all at the same time.

External Antennas with Dual Band WiFi Greatly Expand Wireless Coverage

Three external antennas with advanced connection technology allow you to maintain impressive speeds. With antennas serving both the 2.4GHz and 5GHz band, you can enjoy incredible wireless coverage and reliability in any part of your large home or office.

5GHz

The crystal clean 5GHz band is ideal for HD streaming and gaming, creating a blazing-fast network.

2.4GHz

The 2.4GHz band provide stable and strong WiFi signal for everyday tasks, like browsing and surfing.

Versatile USB Connectivity

A USB 2.0 port makes the Archer C7 a truly resourceful gateway. Share a hard drive full of media through your home network, or via an ftp server whenever you’re away.

FTP Server

Media Server

Storage Sharing

Full Gigabit Wired Connections for Ultrafast Data Transfer Speeds

With one Gigabit WAN port and four Gigabit LAN ports, speeds can be up to 10× faster than standard Ethernet connections.

The Archer C7 is a powerful hub to support a robust and extremely fast wired network.

Power

Power On/Off

Reset

Gigabit WAN Port

4 Gigabit LAN Ports

WPS/WiFi

TP-Link OneMesh™ :

Flexibly Create a Whole-Home WiFi

OneMesh™ is a simple way to form a Mesh network with a single WiFi name for seamless whole-home coverage. Just connect a OneMeshTM range extender to a OneMesh™ router. No more searching around for a stable connection.**

Learn More about OneMesh™ >>

WiFi Dead-Zone Killer

Eliminate weak signal areas with WiFi coverage for the whole house

Smart Roaming

Uninterrupted streaming when moving around your home

One WiFi Name

No more switching WiFi network names

Unified Management

Manage the whole-home WiFi by managing the central node via Tether app/Web UI

Traditional Router with Extender

OneMesh™ Router + Range Extender

Enjoy a Mesh Network with Your Existing Router

Want a Mesh network? Hesitate on whether to replace your existing router and buy a Mesh set?

TP-Link OneMesh™ resolves your dilemma.

Check whether your existing router supports OneMesh >>

Parental Controls

Manage when and how connected devices can access the internet

IPv6 Supported

Supports IPv6, the next generation of Internet protocol, helping you to future-proof your network.

Quality of Service

Prioritizes devices or applications to give faster performance where you need it.

Specifications

WIRELESS

Standards

Wi-Fi 5
IEEE 802.11ac/n/a 5 GHz
IEEE 802.11n/b/g 2.4 GHz

WiFi Speeds

AC1750
5 GHz: 1300 Mbps (802.11ac)
2.4 GHz: 450 Mbps (802.11n)

WiFi Range

3 Bedroom Houses
3× Fixed High-Performance Antennas
Multiple antennas form a signal-boosting array to cover more directions and large areas

WiFi Capacity

Medium
Dual-Band
Allocate devices to different bands for optimal performance

Working Modes

Router Mode
Access Point Mode

SECURITY

Network Security

SPI Firewall