Pool Blaster Max™ Li

Pool Blaster Max™ Li

Cordless Pool & Spa Vacuum

Original cordless pool vacuum. Cleans entire pool in minutes, spot clean in seconds.

The Pool Blaster® Max™ Li Features a high flow pump that provides extra power for deep cleaning while its high capacity filter, holding more dirt and debris than entry-level cleaners.

SKU #:30000ML

UPC #:894331001016

Product Features

Vac Head Size

The Pool Blaser Max Li is equipped with a 10.5″ vac head.

Increased Power

The Pool Blaster Max Li offers increased vacuum suction with the Water Tech P30 Motor design engineered for quick & efficient debris pick-up.

Whole Pool Cleaner

Clean entire pool or spot-clean in seconds. Includes a removable 10.5” vacuum head for general cleaning, or simply remove the vacuum head to expose the nose cone to effectively clean hard-to-reach areas like corners and stairs. Ideal for in-ground pools and soft-sided, above-ground pools.

Capture More Debris

The Pool Blaster Max Li features a large debris capture chamber and strong suction for a variety of cleaning; acorns, twigs, leaves, dirt, sand & silt

Cordless Cleaning

Perfect for quick and easy cleaning in the swimming pool and hot tub or spa. No hoses or cords needed.

More Run Time

The lithium ion battery powered Max is designed to run up to 1 hour.

Easy Operation

Push-Button operation. Attaches to any standard telescopic pool pole. (Sectional pole not included)

Product Specs

Up to 60 minutes of run time

Rechargeable, lithium powered

SKU# -30000ML

Warranty: 1 year limited

Power Rating 365

Crevice corner nozzle and scrubbing brushes included

Vacuum head width: 10.5"

Unit Size: L-21.00" x W-10.50" x H-7"

Unit Weight: 5.05 lbs

Incudes 1 Reusable Xtreme Multilayer Filter Bag for removes leaves, debris, silt & sand

Push button ON/OFF switch

Minimum operating depth: 14.25” @ 45 degree angle

Water Tech Pool Blaster Max Li is an original cordless pool vacuum cleaner designed to clean the entire swimming pool in minutes and spot clean in seconds. It is a cord-free hose-free rechargeable and easy-to-use pool maintenance solution. The cordless vacuum works independently of your pool’s pump and filter system and does not create additional wear and tear on your filter.

The Pool Blaster Max Li is an in-ground and above-ground pool cleaner is ideal for any size or shape chlorine and saltwater pool. With its large debris chamber and X-Treme Multilayered Filter Bag, it easily picks up leaves, acorns, twigs, as well as sand and silt from any surface: fiberglass, concrete, PVC, or vinyl pools. Once filled, it is easy to clean by rinsing out with a garden hose.

The Pool Blaster Max Li vacuum is a powerful unit with increased vacuum suction for fast and efficient debris capture. Its advanced rechargeable lithium-ion battery lasts for up to 1 hour of uninterrupted cleaning. It fully recharges in under 4 hours.

It does not matter if you have a small pool, spa, hot tub, or larger family pool, this cordless handheld pool vacuum and All-Purpose Filter Bag is your ultimate shortcut to efficient pool maintenance.

Please note that this unit does not include a telescopic pole. A standard telescoping pool pole has to be purchased separately if needed.