Watering kit for 25 pots. Automatic watering – ideal for your patio pots and hedgerows. Saves time, water & effort keeping your garden watered.

Key Benefits Include:

Automatically waters up to 25 containers. Ideal for watering new hedgerows too.

Includes the Select Controller, which has a manual watering function, allowing you to water whenever your plants need it. Includes 16 pre-set programs to supply water from once a week up to four times a day.

Saves time & effort keeping your garden watered

Drippers deliver water directly to the roots reducing water wastage

Easy to install as pipes can be easily cut and joined together depending on where you need to water

Regular focused watering keeps plants healthy and less prone to disease

Building the network – the flexible tube can be cut and adapted to create your ideal watering system layout. It efficiently carries water from the main supply and delivers it to your plants via a network of drippers.

The kit provides automatic watering for your patio, potted plants, hanging baskets and hedges leaving you free to enjoy your garden. Automatic drip irrigation is the most durable and effective type of automatic watering for gardens, with tests showing 90% greater efficiency than a spray gun or sprinkler.

Drip irrigation facilitates the slow delivery of water (one hose consumes 91 litres per minute) to the plant’s root zone, right where it is needed.

Saves time & water – using this micro-drip system not only saves time but also saves water. Drippers can be positioned to deliver water with pin-point accuracy directly to the roots of the plant, where it needs it most. This watering kit can be set up in minutes and for larger areas, components can be added to create a customised watering system.

Pressure Compensation – the Pressure Compensating drippers emit exactly the same amount of water regardless of elevation or location within the system.

Simple to Install and maintain – the drippers can be dismantled and reassembled for debris removal or to be cleaned of limescale to ensure the water continues to flow.

Attach directly into the supply pipe by piercing a hole in the pipe wall and inserting the barbed inlet of the dripper. Use the ground stake to secure drippers with stake in place so water droplets are accurately delivered.

The End of Line Dripper is ideally suited for spot irrigation of single standing plants, for use in troughs, grow bags and round containers.

As required, use the T connectors, wall clips and tube adaptors to help you to create the run and layout you need.