B-hyve Smart Indoor/Outdoor Irrigation Controller for underground sprinkler systems lets you control your watering system in two ways: a waterproof wall-mounted control panel that can be placed either indoors or outdoors and an easy-to-use smartphone app that you can use anywhere. Program watering zones, set schedules, and receive updates from the B-hyve smart sprinkler controller that is both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth enabled.

Top reasons to choose B-hyve Smart Indoor/Outdoor Irrigation Controller

Effortless Programming

Whether you use your B-hyve® smartphone app or the console, create a program that will be the most beneficial to your lawn’s specific needs. Set up timers, zones, and make adjustments to your smart sprinkler controller with the push of a button.

Adjusts to Weather

WeatherSense® technology uses your smart sprinkler controller’s wifi to stay on top of the weather in order to make adjustments. Rain in the forecast? The B-hyve® smart sprinkler controller ensures that your sprinklers never come on while it’s raining and adjusts your watering schedule to prevent over-saturation. Droughts won’t sneak up on you, ruining your grass and landscaping – the smart sprinkler controller gives more water when needed.

Detailed Scheduling with Free App

Set when you’d like your smart sprinkler controller to start watering. Grass and plant watering needs are not one size fits all; B-hyve® lets you customize schedules for different zones within your property. Your lawn does not have to suffer during water shortages; set the B-hyve®’s schedule to water your yard on specific days of the week or month and at the time of your choosing or let the app manage the watering cycles based on the science of weather and plant needs.

Connect Anywhere With Smart Devices

Each B-hyve® smart sprinkler controller connects easily to wifi and is controlled with an intuitive free app for iPhone and Android; make changes to your settings and turn on or shut off your sprinklers even when you are not home. The app alerts you if there are changes in the forecast and then automatically adjusts the watering schedule on your smart sprinkler controller.

Smart Home Ready

Control your B-hyve® smart sprinkler controller with Amazon Alexa® or the Google Assistant® to easily water a specific zone with your voice. B-hyve® devices also communicate with each other and with select partner devices creating a smart water system inside your home and yard.

Waterproof Design

Mount the B-hyve® Smart Indoor/Outdoor Irrigation Controller wherever you’d like; its sturdy, waterproof design features a keyed entry to protect your console. Installation is a breeze with the B-hyve: everything needed to easily install your sprinkler controller is included.

WeatherSense®

Smart WeatherSense® receives local weather data and automatically adjusts your controller to deliver the right amount of water to your plants. It does the work - allowing you to sit back and enjoy the results. All B-hyve® WeatherSense® products are also EPA WaterSense Certified.

Sprinklers scheduled to run

B-hyve detects rain in the forecast

B-hyve delays watering automatically

You don’t have to be a landscaping professional to have a beautiful lawn. B-hyve® Smart Indoor/Outdoor Irrigation Controllers give you the tools you need to have a great yard with the push of a button. Download the free B-hyve® app on Android or iOS to program watering schedules with ease. You can create zones for plants and flowerbeds that require different levels of hydration than the rest of your lawn. Whether you mount your control panel indoors our outdoors, making changes and turning on your sprinklers has never been easier. Both WiFi and Bluetooth enabled, the smart sprinkler control makes automatic adjustments to how often and how much to water based on your local weather. When you receive rain your B-hyve® controller will stop watering and reschedule for when skies are clear.