Kingston FURY Renegade PCIe 4.0 NVMe M.2 SSD 
For Gamers, Enthusiasts, and High-Power Users

Kingston FURY™ Renegade PCIe 4.0 NVMe M.2 SSD provides cutting-edge performance in high capacities for gaming and hardware enthusiasts seeking extreme performance for PC builds and upgrades. By leveraging the latest Gen 4x4 NVMe controller and 3D TLC NAND, Kingston FURY Renegade SSD offers blazing speeds up to 7,300/7,000MB/s read/write and up to 1,000,000 IOPS for amazing consistency and exceptional gaming experience. From game and application loading times to streaming and capturing, give your system a boost in overall responsiveness.

With better heat management comes better stability during peak performance. The slim M.2 combined with a low profile, graphene aluminum heat spreader is optimized for intense usage in gaming laptops and desktops. The optional heatsink model delivers an additional layer of thermal dispersion so when the game heats up, your PS5™ console stays cool. Kingston FURY Renegade SSD matches the top-tier performance of the Kingston FURY Renegade memory line to produce the ultimate team that will keep you at the top of your game.

Available in capacities from 500GB–4TB to store an extensive library of your favorite games and media.

Features

Incredible PCIe Gen 4x4 NVMe performance

Available with heatsink or low-profile heat spreader

Slim M.2 2280 form factor

High capacities up to 4TB

PS5™ Ready

Key Features

Level up with PCIe 4.0 NVMe
Dominate with cutting-edge Gen 4x4 intense speeds up to 7,300/7,000MB/s read/write and up to 1,000,000 IOPS performance.
Maximize your motherboard
Powerful slim M.2 form factor to enhance your gaming rig and laptop.
More space to play
Get all the latest titles and DLC available. Performance with high capacities up to 4TB to store your favorite games and media.
Low profile graphene aluminum heat spreader
Advanced thermal dissipation keeps your drive cool during intense usage. Brings higher performance to the tightest of spaces in gaming laptops and motherboards.
PS5™ Ready
Game-changing storage designed to maximize your play. Optional integrated aluminum heatsink model provides an additional layer of thermal dispersion to cool the drive and maintain peak performance.