Smoothness and robustness over time

 With PerfectMix+ high-speed blender, enjoy perfect results on all your favorite recipes! Featuring exclusive Powelix Life technology, it combines optimal robustness, cutting performance and vortex pull to provide smooth, creamy and even results without any chunks. At the same time, its long-lasting Titanium-coated blades and ultra-resistant and its large-capacity unbreakable Tritan jar ensure you'll never stop blending!

Reference:
          
BL82AD31

Buy online 

Share

Share

				Send by mail

Send

				Print

		Print

PERFECT MIX + - BL82A

bundle.list.countbundle

TEFAL PERFECT MIX + - BL82A

Buy online 

Description

Essentials
Recipes
Features
Documentation

FAQ

Tefal PerfectMix+ blender: Smooth and robust

                    From fresh, healthy juices to soups, spreads and desserts, Tefal PerfectMix+ high-speed blender with Tritan jar does it all, ensuring perfect results time after time. Its exclusive blades with Powelix Life technology combine optimal robustness, cutting performance and vortex pull for up to 30% faster performance!* With a powerful 1200 W motor and three pre-set programs (Smoothie, Ice Crush and Auto Clean), even the hardest ingredients are tackled with ease, for incredibly smooth results and an even texture. This high performance is made to last, thanks to a hard titanium coating on the blades. Rounding it all off is an ultra-resistant Tritan jar, with a 1.5 L capacity that is perfect for the whole family. With PerfectMix+, you'll never stop blending! *compared to Tefal's BL300 model
                

				Essentials

Perfect mixing results on any recipe
Thanks to exclusive Powelix Life technology, enjoy perfect results over time, on all your favorite recipes.

Optimal robustness
The blades' optimized cutting angle ensures maximum resistance, tackling even the hardest ingredients with ease.

Optimal cutting performance
The blades' extreme sharpness provides enhanced cutting performance, for incredibly smooth results.

Optimal vortex
The blades' advanced geometry creates a spiraling vortex that pulls ingredients into the blades, for an even texture without any chunks.

Long-lasting blades
The blades' hard titanium coating ensures extreme resistance over time.

Unbreakable Tritan jar
Tritan is the lightweight, shatterproof alternative to glass. It's odor- and stain-free, ultra resistant and designed to maximize durability. Offering a generous 1.5 L capacity.

High performance
With 28,000 rotations per minute (RPM) and a powerful 1200 W motor, PerfectMix+ with Tritan jar ensures perfect results.

3 smart pre-set programs
Thanks to its three pre-set programs, easily make all your favorite recipes in no time.

Air cooling system
Specially designed motor ventilation technology prevents overheating, for safe use and total peace of mind.