Sleek, Sophisticated & Stainless

The Designer Series introduced the new generation of touchscreen Blendtec blenders. The Designer Series uses all the power and performance that made Blendtec the choice of blending professionals, and combined it with an amazing modern design with advanced functionality taking Blendtec to a new level in performance blending. The Blendtec Designer Series is the all-in-one appliance that replaces many standard kitchen appliances with one fast easy-to-use machine, at a fraction of the cost. It will make smoothies, fresh whole juice, ice cream, margaritas, soups, sauces, bread dough, dressings, salsas, flours and more! Blending professionals have relied on Blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, gyms, and restaurants around the world for producing the best, most consistent results in taste and texture. You can now enjoy the same great results in your home.

Features include:

Powerful 1560 watt motor

Stainless Steel Blender Base

Fully sealed, easy clean capacitive touchscreen interface

Preprogrammed cycles: Sauces & Batters, Ice Crush & margarita, Smoothie, Ice Cream, Whole Juice, Hot Soup & Fondues

8 manual speeds + Pulse

Illuminated LCD timer displays remaining time on blends

8-Year Warranty

Pre-Programmed Fine Tuned Blend Cycles

No more guesswork! The Designer Series features six preprogrammed custom cycles: Batters, Ice Crush, Smoothie, Ice Cream, Whole Juice, Hot Soup. This exclusive blend cycle technology creates amazing blends with the touch of a button.

8 Manual Speeds + Pulse 

You now have total control of your blending speed literally at your fingertip with our total control slider interface. With the simple touch or sliding of your finger, you have complete control over your blending speed. Select any speed or slide from left to right to increase or decrease speed. Alongside the slider bar are the stop and pulse controls.

WildSide+ Jar 

It’s the jar that revolutionized high-speed blending. The WildSide+ jar features an extra-wide wide base and a narrow fifth “wild” side that helps create a faster, smoother blend. The WildSide+ jar also features two vertical ridges on the interior walls to disrupt the blending pattern even further and accelerate the blend. The result? The fastest, smoothest blend yet.

Package includes:

WildSide+ jar  

Vented Gripper lid

The WildSide jar combines with your Blendtec blender to maximize blending performance.  

Increases blending efficiency for frozen ingredients by up to 25%  

Blunt safety blade is 80% thicker and ten times stronger than other blades  

Patented fifth side allows for bigger, faster blends  

Made from impact-resistant, BPA-free copolyester  

Compatible with all Blendtec consumer blenders  

The WildSide+ is ideal for:  

Larger blends  

High-volume recipes  

Bread dough  

Smoothies  

Incredible 8-year Warranty 

The Designer Series is backed by an 8-year warranty, the longest warranty in its class. But it’s engineered to last much longer—making it an appliance you’ll be able to love for a lifetime.

Interface: Capacitive Touchscreen 

Blend Cycles: 6 (Batters, Ice Crush, Smoothie, Ice Cream, Whole Juice, Hot Soup)

Manual control: 8-Speeds 

Pulse: Yes 

Finish: Molded 

Colors: Black & Red

Dimensions

Width: 7"

Height: 15.5"

Depth 9.25"

Weight: 9.8 lbs Amps: 15; Volts: 110/120

Warranty: 8 years

*NOT FOR COMMERCIAL USE - If used commercially, the warranty will be voided.

*If you're looking for more commercial-grade blenders then feel free to check out our available Commercial Blenders.