For an exceptional stain-busting, intuitive laundry solution that protects and cares for your clothes, the Hotpoint ActiveCare NM11 945 WC A UK N Washing Machine is best-in-class for stain removal, our innovative ActiveCare technology takes care of your clothes by removing more than 100 stains at just 20°C*, so you can wear your favourite clothes time and time again.
Maintain hygiene and freshness in the most natural way with the Steam Pack. The Steam Hygiene & Steam Refresh cycles provide the ultimate care and protection for keeping your laundry fresh and perfectly clean. Steam Refresh provides a dedicated cycle to freshen clothes without the need for a full wash. The cycle takes just 20 minutes with steam penetrating deep into fabrics, making them slightly damp, reducing creases for easier ironing. The Steam Hygiene cycle provides the ultimate care and protection for a totally hygienic wash. Steam hygiene injects steam directly into the drum at the end of the cycle, removing up to 99.9% of the most common bacteria without the use of chemical additives.
Dropped an item on the way to the washing machine? With Hotpoint Stop&Add you can add laundry to the wash cycle during the first few minutes of the cycle without compromising on wash performance. You can also choose either to speed up the cycle or save energy thanks to the Rapid | Eco option. With the Rapid option, the wash duration is reduced by up to 50%, without compromising on washing results. With the Eco option, the washing machine reduces energy consumption by up to 20%, making it gentle on your pocket.
Keep your laundry soft and help to reduce creasing with Final Care, this option will activate a special tumbling action for up to 6 hours after the end of the cycle.
Reduce bacteria build-up by 99.99% in your washing machine’s door seal thanks to antimicrobial protection, so your machine stays perfectly clean.
Easily operated through the large LED display, the Hotpoint ActiveCare NM11 945 WC A UK N Washing Machine gives you more time back for the things you love.