Washer dryer I-Pro Series 7
HWD100-B14979
Freestanding, 10 / 6 Kg, 1400 RPM, Engine Direct Motion, Combined cycle energy class D, White, W x D x H (cm) 60x62x85
Direct Motion Motor
Professional sanitizing experience
I -Refresh
Automatic cleaning system
Steam diffusion
Anti-Bacterial Treatment
Pillow drum for delicate fabrics
Drum light
Automatic weight detection
A Class
10kg drum capacity
Read More 
Read Less
Discover more
A Class
This washer dryer, using the washing cycle only, is in A class. In compliance with the New Energy Label and comparing with the G class, reduces consumption by up to 51%, saving energy, money and protecting the environment.
Simple. Efficient. Durable. Haier’s Direct Motors will last a lifetime
Haier's Direct Motion Motors have been designed and built to last. Operating without a belt, the motor is directly attached to the drum, vastly reducing noise and vibration, increasing durability while also reducing energy and water consumption.
Certified results for professional hygiene
Experience a professional sanitizing experience* thanks to the unique  I-Refresh function, to achieve an even deeper clean without using intensive wash cycles.
*Source: VDE Laboratories, Germany – test conducted on programmes Cotton + I-Refresh on Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli. Reduction of 99,91% of Staphylococcus aureus and 99,94% of Escherichia coli.
Professional clothes care at home
The I-Refresh function cleans your clothes in a highly effective and innovative manner, using micro vapour technology to remove odours and reduce wrinkles without any water contact and detergent.
Cleans your machine for a more hygienic wash
Haier's incredibly useful Smart Dual Spray is an automatic cleaning system for your washer-dryer that is activated at the end of each wash cycle. Not only does this ensure a more hygienic wash for your laundry, it also improves the durability of your machine in the long term!
Full steam ahead for enhanced stain removal
This clever function in Haier washer-dryers diffuses steam and detergent inside the drum, relaxing the fibres of your laundry and improving the removal stubborn dirt and stains. And that's not all - the steam also makes ironing your clothes much easier, or even not necessary at all, leaving you more time to do the things you love!
A cleaner machine means cleaner laundry
An exclusive Haier material that protects the most sensitive areas of your washer-dryer. Anti-Bacterial Treatment (ABT) protects against mould and bacteria forming in vulnerable areas such as in the detergent drawer and porthole gasket for a more hygienic laundry cycle.
Less time washing means more time doing things you love!
Haier's 10kg machines allow you to wash more laundry at the same time, saving you time so you can do more of the things you love. By offering you greater drum space, you can reduce the amount of laundry cycles you need to do per year by up to 44 washes compared to a standard 8kg washer-dryer - also helping to save energy and water!
Keeps even your most delicate fabrics looking as good as new
This Haier's washer-dryer drum benefits from a surface designed to ensure that even your most delicate fabrics remain in perfect condition, no matter how many times you wash them. The special pillow-shaped pads mean your laundry slips gently over the surface as the drum spins, never catching the fabric and causing it to deteriorate in quality.
Another illuminating innovation from Haier
No more looking for lost socks - thanks to the drum's handy interior light, you can load and unload your laundry easily without leaving anything behind.
The next level of washing technology.
This Haier washer-dryer uses digital internal scales to weigh your laundry, before automatically adjusting the water consumption and cycle duration according to the amount of laundry you're washing. The machine calculates the optimum settings depending upon the weight of each load, ensuring excellent results and minimum energy consumption from the Direct Motion Motor. Another smart solution from Haier that truly makes a difference.