Portable entertainment for the full family
Watch video
Alcatel 3T10 2020
Features
Specifications

Buy

Alcatel 3T10 2020

Buy

Features
Specifications

Enjoy cinema-quality entertainment with your family anywhere with Alcatel 3T10. A vibrant display boasting an 80% screen-to-body ratio lets you view your favorite media in its full-screen glory whether you’re going to after school activities, visiting relatives, or relaxing at home. For the children in your life, Kids Mode provides screen time that’s safe, educational and fun. Keep your family connected and entertained on the road with 4G LTE streaming and video calling. A 5500mAh battery will keep your tablet powered for your longest days and adventures.

Full-family entertainment
Entertain your family anywhere with Alcatel 3T10's cinematic display. Its bright display with alluring color creates a theater-quality experience that pulls you in no matter what's going on around you. A miniscule 9.96 bezel and maximum display with an 80% screen-to-body ratio give you full-screen viewing to enjoy all your favorite movies, games and more.

Educational fun
Make tablet time fun and fulfilling with Alcatel 3T10's Kids Mode. Its child-friendly interface makes it easy for kids to use without help, while a library of science, technology, engineering, arts and math content will keep them learning and having fun. App non-disturbance controls, web white listing and parental passwords help you oversee your child and keep them safe.

Visual comfort
Keep your eyes comfortable at any time of day with Alcatel 3T10's viewing modes. Eye Care Mode reduces harmful blue light to prevent strain and disruption to your sleep cycle. Adaptive Tone creates the best brightness and tonality for viewing whether you're in bright sunlight or a dark room. Reading Mode provides a grayscale display and adjusts brightness and contrast to your environment for comfortable long reads.

4G connection & calling
Whether you're running errands or going on a family trip, Alcatel 3T10's 4G LTE high-speed wireless network will keep your family connected and entertained no matter how long your journey. A front 5MP camera paired with its fast connection lets you video call your loved ones near or far so you can talk face to face.

Long-lasting battery
Never scramble for an outlet with Alcatel 3T10. A 5500mAh battery with smart power management will help you go all day on a single charge. Reverse charging lets you power your phone or other devices so you never have to shut down. A USB Type-C port makes your tablet easy to charge for people of all ages.