More power to work. 
More room to play
.

Strike the perfect work-life balance with Galaxy Tab S7 FE. An expansive 12.4” 
screen and dual speakers wow the senses, and the redesigned S Pen¹ feels more 
like the real thing.

LARGE SCREEN

Big screen. Big experience. 

Get closer to the action with an ultra-large display and a 12.4" viewing surface that's easy on the eyes in almost any light. You'll also hear every detail in Dolby Atmos surround sound with dual speakers tuned by AKG.

5G CONNECTIVITY

Speeds that move as fast as you do

Conquer your to-do list, then stream your favorite shows with virtually no lag, thanks to 5G connectivity.²

ICONIC COLORS

Bold colors. 
Bold statement. 

It's all about the details, so make it unmistakably yours with a selection of four vivid colors. What a great way to make your tablet stand out with a stylish look that's oh-so you. 

S PEN

Write. Draw. Click. 
Tap.

Sketch, draw, and collaborate with the included S Pen, featuring a responsive new design that feels closer to pen on paper.

MULTI-DEVICE CONNECTIVITY

Easily sync across Galaxy devices

Seamlessly connect your tablet and phone to crush goals and level up productivity. 
Enhanced connectivity between Galaxy devices lets you work smarter, 
play harder and go farther than ever before. To-dos? Done.

PRODUCTIVITY MULTIPLIED

More space to get work done

Master multitasking with wireless connectivity. Tab S7 FE expands your PC workstation 
with a second screen so you can open windows, hand off files, and cast content with a tap. 

LONG-LASTING BATTERY

The power to do 
more

Power through your day — and then some — on a single charge. Galaxy Tab S7 FE is powered with long battery life,³ so it won't let you down in the middle of things whether it's an important meeting or your favorite show. When you finally do need to power up, the fast-charging 
USB-C port gets you back up to speed in a flash, which means more work or play.

POWERFUL PERFORMANCE

The speed to move. 
The space to grow. 

With the Qualcomm Octa-core processor, you will enjoy a smooth experience for the entertainment you love most. Coupled with high-storage memory, Galaxy Tab S7 FE lets you save and store what you need to access on a moment's notice. 

LANDSCAPE CAMERA

Puts you center stage

Stay in frame with a landscape view that automatically puts you front and center. 
And with a 3-mic solution that reduces surrounding noise by 50%, 
you'll always sound great on video chats. 

SUPER - LIGHTWEIGHT BOOK COVER KEYBOARD

Practical. 
Protective.

Do more in a snap with a protective 
cover that doubles as a keyboard.⁴