General

    Lightweight and compact high-pressure cleaner with extensive features. Aluminium pump head, integrated wheel kit, cleaning agent spray set, rotary nozzle, adjustable fan jet nozzle with pressure regulation, anti-drill, quick-release coupling on the trigger, park position for switching off the sprayer when taking breaks, 6 m high-pressure hose, transport handle.
    

Versions

RE 90 

                                Note and compare
                            

                    Deviations from the product range and information provided here are possible, depending on the country. STIHL reserves the right to make changes to technical specifications and equipment.
                

Technical specifications

Technical specifications

Technical specifications

Value

                            Working pressure

                            
                        

                            100

                            bar
                            
                        

                            Weight

                            
1)

                            9,8

                            kg
                            
                        

                            Max. pressure

                            
2)

                            120

                            bar
                            
                        

                            Power cable length

                            
                        

                            5

                            m
                            
                        

                            Min. water flow

                            
                        

                            348

                            l/h
                            
                        

                            High-pressure hose length

                            
                        

                            6

                            m
                            
                        

                            Max. water flow

                            
                        

                            520

                            l/h
                            
                        

                            Max. water supply temperature

                            
                        

                            40

                            °C
                            
                        

                            Sound power level

                            
3)

                            88

                            dB(A)
                            
                        

                            Vibration level left

                            
4)

                            2,5

                            m/s²
                            
                        

                            Vibration level right

                            
4)

                            2,5

                            m/s²
                            
                        

                            Rated voltage

                            
                        

                            220-240

                            V
                            
                        

                    1) Complete, ready for use 
                    

                    2) Maximum pressure system
                    

                    3) K factor according to DIR2006/42/EC = 1.5(dB(A))
                    

                    4) (K) factor according to Dir. 2006/42/EC = 2m/s²
                    

Deviations from the product range and information provided here are possible, depending on the country. STIHL reserves the right to make changes to technical specifications and equipment.

Features

Standard equipment

ROTATING SPRAY LANCE

FLEXIBLE WORKING. Thanks to the rotating spray lance, you can easily adapt the alignment of the high-pressure jet to the work situation. The high-pressure lance is ergonomically secure in the hand at all times.

Rotary nozzle

Powerful rotary nozzle for tackling stubborn dirt on hard-wearing surfaces. The rotary motion combines the cleaning power of a concentrated pencil jet with the capacity to clean large areas. 

Cleaning agent spray set 

The spray set delivered with the tool makes it possible to add cleaning agent to the spray jet in order to tackle stubborn dirt. The spray set is also easy to attach to the spray lance.

Storing accessories on the tool

The high-pressure trigger, spray lance, fan jet nozzle, rotary nozzle, high-pressure hose and cleaning agent spray set can be stored securely.

Fan jet nozzle, adjustable pressure

Fan jet nozzle with pressure regulation to clean different types of surfaces quickly and effectively.

Cable hook

The two cable hooks allow the cable to be wound up and neatly and securely stored on the tool.

Integrated wheel kit 

The integrated wheel kit allows the high-pressure cleaner to be manoeuvred comfortably. 

Anti-drill and quick-release coupling

The anti-drill and quick-release coupling makes setting up the high-pressure cleaner easier and prevents the high-pressure hose from tangling while you work, allowing the full length of the hose to be used.

Park position

Allows you to switch off the assembled high-pressure lance when taking breaks, and to store the lance on the tool.