The K5 Premium is a powerful 2000 PSI electric pressure washer that can handle the toughest cleaning jobs around the home. A pressurized hose reel conveniently protects and stores the hose.

Applications

The K5 Premium is a powerful electric pressure washer, delivering 2000 PSI for thorough home cleaning. It features a water-cooled induction motor to extend the life of the pressure washer and also to reduce noise. The K5 Premium also features a hose reel for ease of use and storage. Outfitted with a 25 ft high-pressure hose, a Vario Power Spray (VPS) wand and a patented DirtBlaster turbo spray wand, the K5 premium is ready to tackle any cleaning job. The pressure can be adjusted by simply twisting the VPS wand - for effective and surface-friendly cleaning. Feature rich and built to last, this high performance pressure washer will keep your home and vehicles spotless. Backed by a limited 2 year warranty and our industry-leading Rapid Exchange Program. WARNING: This product can expose you to chemicals including lead and Diisononyl phthalate, which are known to the State of California to cause cancer. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov.

Features and benefits

Outstanding performance

                                            The state-of-the-art water-cooled motor will impress you with its long service life and high level of performance.
                                    

Clean and tidy

                                            Everything is kept clean and tidy thanks to a hose drum with convenient hose coiling and large cable hooks, which allow for easy storage of the high pressure hose directly on the device.
                                    

Large wheels

                                            For safe and convenient transport, even on rough terrain, such as garden paths.
                                    

Specifications

Technical data

Power supply
                                    (Ph/V/
Hz
)                                

                                                                            1 / 120 / 60
                                                                    

Pressure
                                    (psi)                                

                                                                            max. 2000
                                                                    

Flow rate
                                    (gal/min)                                

                                                                            max. 1.4
                                                                    

Area performance
                                    (ft²/hr)                                

                                                                            430
                                                                    

Water Feed Temperature Max.
                                    (°F)                                

                                                                            max. 104
                                                                    

Weight without accessories
                                    (lb)                                

                                                                            28.9
                                                                    

Weight incl. packaging
                                    (lb)                                

                                                                            39.7
                                                                    

Dimensions (L x W x H)
                                    (in)                                

                                                                            16.5 x 16.8 x 34.3
                                                                    

Equipment

                                High-pressure spray gun: Standard 
Quick Connect
 

                                High-pressure hose reel                            

                                High-pressure hose: 26 ft                            

Quick Connect
 on machine                            

                                Detergent application: Tank with detergent adjustment                            

                                Water-cooled motor                            

                                Integrated water filter                            

                                Adapter for 3/4" garden hose 3/4"                            

Cleaning application

Bicycles

Lawn care equipment and tools

Outdoor furniture

House siding and fences

Motorcycles and ATV's

Compact vehicles

Steps and walkways

Medium and large cars, trucks and SUV's

Stone walls and brick

RV's and 4x4's

Accessories

Detergents

Find parts for K 5 Premium

Find parts & diagrams for your Kärcher cleaning equipment. Select “Find Parts” to begin your search or contact your authorized Kärcher dealer or retailer.