MAC5200

3.0 HP* Big Bore™ Air Compressor

POWER : 6.5 CFM @ 90PSI; Powerful enough to run two framing nailers

PERFORMANCE : Cast iron cylinder with greater bore and stroke for maximum performance

DURABILITY : Roll cage construction for extra protection to pump and motor assembly

CONVENIENCE : Oil drain and oil sight glass conveniently located for easy access and maintenance

INCLUDES : Oil and 1/4” universal quick couplers (2)

Big Bore™ Compressors equipped with a Big Bore™ piston, cast iron pump and heavy duty crankshaft deliver faster recovery time and higher CFMs for more efficient nailing and fastening. The Big Bore™ piston and cylinder are larger than those in standard compressors, so they compress more air on each stroke. The result is increased compressor efficiency, faster recovery, and lower RPM for reduced noise.

Makita’s 3.0 HP Air Compressor is equipped with Makita’s Big Bore™ engineered pump cylinder and piston for higher output for two nailers, with less noise and improved jobsite performance. The MAC5200 delivers industrial power and results with improved durability and includes rugged wheels and folding handle for easy transport.

3.0 HP with Big Bore™ Engineered Pump
The MAC5200 is powered by a 3.0 HP motor with built-in thermal overload for additional protection. The Makita Big Bore™ engineered pump with cast iron cylinder has greater bore and stroke for increased compression, faster recovery and less noise. The cast iron construction is engineered for increased durability even under tough job site conditions. The MAC5200 has an oil lubricated pump and is equipped with a large automotive style filter for increased air intake and greater efficiency. The 5.2 gallon tank sustains an operating pressure of 140 PSI and delivers 40PSI (6.9 CFM) and 90 PSI (6.5 CFM), enough for two nailers. The oil lubricated pump runs cooler, and the finned discharge tubing dissipates heat more efficiently. The roll cage construction is built for extra protection for the pump and motor assembly, helping it withstand harsh jobsite environments.

Ease-of-use and convenience features include tool hangers, a built-in storage compartment for air fittings and accessories, and an air hose wrap to store 50’ of 3/8” air hose with handle folded or upright. Other features include a convenient oil drain and oil sight glass, and a tank drain valve that supersedes standard petcock design for easier maintenance.

Versatile Design for a Range of Applications
The MAC5200 is engineered for low noise, high output and less maintenance, and delivers industrial power and results with improved durability under tough job site conditions.

Features

Cast iron pump with Big Bore™ cylinder and piston is engineered to provide faster recovery time for improved performance

Powerful 3.0 HP motor produces 6.5 CFM at 90 PSI for increased productivity

Pump is oil-lubricated for cooler running temperatures and reduced wear

Durable cast iron cylinder reduces wear and increases pump life; removable for easy maintenance

Folding handle with low profile design for easy storage with handle folded

Rugged wheels for jobsite portability

Built-in storage compartment conveniently stores air fittings and accessories

Air hose wrap stores 50 ft. of 3/8" air hose with handle folded or upright

Copper finned discharge tubing for increased heat dissipation and reduced water in the tank

Tool hangers store tools when not in use

Large automotive style industrial air filter for increased air intake and greater efficiency

Roll cage construction for extra protection to pump and motor assembly

Oil sight glass for fast, easy and efficient maintenance

Lever-handle ball valve tank drain improves upon standard petcock design for easier maintenance and air tank release

Convenient oil drain at the front of the pump for easy access

Built-in thermal overload for additional motor protection

Includes

(2) 1/4" Universal Quick Coupler, Male (447013-E)

(1) Air Compressor Oil (181122-A)

Specs

Maximum Horsepower : 3 HP

Running Horsepower : 2.1 HP

Tank : 5.2 gal.

Performance (40 PSI) : 6.9 CFM

Performance (90 PSI) : 6.5 CFM

Maximum Pressure : 140 PSI

Net Weight : 88 lbs.

Pump Type : Oil-Lubricated

Gas or electric : Electric

Shipping Weight : 107 lbs.