SS5L5 Single Stage Air Compressor 

Part Number:
SS5L5

Price

Price:
$1,489.99

Choose Options

Kits

None 

Start-up Kit (+$159.92)

Delivery Options

Free Freight 

Lift Gate Service (+$75.00)

Quantity

 Add to Cart

Description

Customer Reviews

Availability

Shipping Info

Product Specifications
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Part Number:
 
SS5L5
 
 
Start up kit included
 
 
 
 
Technical Details
 
 
 
Durable cast-iron cylinders, heads, and frame are designed for continuous operation and extended pump life 
 
Oversized belt wheel provides reliable design and cooler operation 
 
Ingersoll Rand synthetic lubricant provides 2,000-hour oil change intervals(four times longer than mineral-based lubricants 
 
High-efficiency stainless steel finger valves are simple, efficient, and easy to maintain 
 
Manual thermal overload protection of the motor 
 
Product Description
 
Designed for the professional, single-stage air compressors are ideal for most anyone, from the do-it-yourselfer to the professional air compressor user. Maximum air power and more delivered air (CFM) providing the power to do the job right and in less time. Durable cast iron construction with precision engineered quality components. Warranty on the pump extends to 2 years with the use of appropriate start-up kit (see below). U.S.A. CFM at 90 PSI: 18.1, Max. PSI: 135, Volts: 230, Amps: 22.5 at full load; 120 at startup; recommend 60 Amp dual pull breaker, HP: 11.5, Air Tank Size (gal.): 60, Tank Description: Vertical, Pump: Single-stage oil-lubricated belt-driven, Air Outlet Size (in.): 1/2, Portable or Stationary: Stationary, Dimensions L x W x H (in.): 20 x 30 x 71 
 
 
 
Product Details
 
 
 
Item Weight: 
310 pounds 
 
 
Shipping Weight:
 376 pounds 
 
 
Shipping: 
Currently, item can be shipped only within the U.S. and to APO/FPO addresses. For APO/FPO shipments, please check us regarding warranty and support issues. 
 

AVAILABILITY:
Please Contact Us To Confirm
 

FREE SHIPPING
Applies within the lower 48 US states. Shipping to Hawaii, Alaska, or outside of the US will have additional shipping charges applied.
Ships via semi truck with curbside delivery
Receiver responsible for providing onsite fork lift 
LIFT GATE SERVICE - $75
Safely lowers product from truck
Requires special hydraulic lift
 

 
Air Compressors