















Barista Express - All In One Espresso Machine | Breville | Breville (US)






























































































































Skip to main content












































Return to  Espresso Machines












the Barista Express®


















































































Earn up to $200 cashback


Get fresh beans
 delivered to your door & earn.
Earn $50
 of cashback for every 13 bags of specialty coffee from beanz.com.
T's & C's apply.

 


Learn more





















                Grind, dose and extract all in one.
              





                Create third wave specialty coffee at home from bean to espresso in less than a minute. The Barista Express allows you to grind the beans right before extraction for rich full flavor and precise temperature control ensures optimal espresso extraction. Be hands on like a barista with manual microfoam milk texturing to deliver authentic results in no time at all.

Learn more about third wave specialty coffee.


























Product DNA




















Experience third wave specialty coffee at home, made possible by the 4 keys formula




Our espresso machines are designed to use the right dose of freshly ground beans, ensure precise temperature control, optimal water pressure and create true microfoam milk essential for latte art. You're only a touch away from getting the 4 keys formula used by professional cafe machines.




























Auto grind & dose with an integrated conical burr grinder with 16 grind settings




With a single touch, the integrated precision conical burr grinder with dose control delivers the right amount of coffee on demand for maximum flavor.




























54 mm stainless steel portafilter delivers full flavor with dual and single wall filters




Full bodied coffee with rich and complex flavors is created using the ideal dose of 18g of freshly ground beans delivered by a professional style 54mm stainless steel portafilter.




























Low pressure pre-infusion followed by 9 bar extraction




An opulent, creamy and caramel colored espresso starts with low pressure pre-infusions, followed by a high pressure (9 bar) extraction process delivered via our 15 bar Italian pump.




























Thermocoil heating system delivers 200°F with PID temperature control




The Thermocoil heating system with PID temperature control delivers water at exactly 200°F for perfectly balanced flavours.




























Manual hand-crafted microfoam




Our powerful steam wands are designed to quickly turn milk into smooth microfoam with a delicious silky texture, ready for pouring latte art.




























Simple interface with volumetric shot control




Choose between 1 & 2 shot, or manual control over how much espresso ends up in your cup for the perfect shot every time.




























Includes Dosing Funnel™ attachment to reduce mess and waste




Grinding and tamping can be messy business, but the Dosing Funnel™ attachment for the portafilter prevents coffee grinds from overflowing, to help reduce mess and waste. Made from BPA free materials and dishwasher safe. Less mess, less waste.




























Easy step-by-step 3D interactive setup




If an instruction booklet isn’t your thing, we’ve partnered with BILT® Intelligent Instructions for a seamless and interactive product setup. Download the free app to assist in making the best third wave specialty coffee from the get go.

























                  Accessories
                 






Dosing Funnel™ Attachment
Razor Dose Trimming Tool
54mm Stainless Steel Portafilter
1 cup & 2cup Single & Dual Wall Filter Baskets
Coffee Scoop
Integrated Tamper
Stainless Steel Milk Jug
Cleaning disc and tablets
Cleaning brush, tool and Allen Key
Water Filter Holder and Water Filter

















                  Dimensions (WxDxH)
                 






12.5" x 13.8" x 15.9"

















                  Construction Materials
                 






Brushed Stainless Steel

















                  Capacity
                 






Bean Hopper Capacity - 1/2 lb
Water Tank Capacity - 67 oz

















                  Settings
                 






Single or Double Shots
Adjustable Grind Amount & Manual over-ride

















                  Power
                 






1600 Watts

















                  Voltage
                 






110–120 Volts

















                  Warranty
                 






1 Year Limited Product Warranty

















                  Milk Texturing
                 






Manual milk texturing

















                  Brewing System
                 






15 bar Italian Pump
Thermocoil system
PID Temperature Control
1600W Thermocoil–Integrated stainless steel water path accurately controls water temperature

















                  Integrated Burr Grinder
                 






Steel conical burrs

















                  Interface
                 






Simple button control

















                  Portafilter
                 






High quality 54mm portafilter

















                  Tamping
                 






Manual removable magnetic tamper

















                  Grind Settings
                 






16 precision grind settings

















                  Pressure Gauge
                 






Extraction Feedback pressure gauge










Show more details


























Your Breville, Brought to Life 



        Preview our machines in your very own kitchen
    


Using sophisticated AR technology, you can realistically envision our Breville machines on your own kitchen counter.










































































 


















Support
 














 
 






Instruction Manual
 
















 
 






Product Registration
 
















 
 






Return Policies
 
















 
 






Warranty & Repairs
 























































                  Find a retailer
               







                  Blog
               







                  Remanufactured Products
               







                  Register a product
               








Sign Up


My Breville














United States


















Signed up to Breville emails








Be the first to know about our product releases!










Please enter a valid email address, like 
[email protected]










You agree to receive promotions, surveys and more from us and our affiliated brands and you have read our 
Privacy Policy.
 You can unsubscribe at any time.








Sign Up










You have signed up already












Something went wrong. Please try again.




































































Support









                        Register a Product
                     







                        Support Center
                     







                        Breville Innovation Program
                     







                        FAQ
                     







                        Warranty
                     







                        Return Policy
                     







                        Retailer Terms & Conditions
                     







                        Promotional Terms & Conditions
                     







                        Earned Cashback Promotion 2023 Terms and Conditions
                     







                        the Smart Oven® Pizzaiolo Promotion Terms and Conditions
                     







                        eGift Cards Terms & Conditions
                     







                        eGift Cards FAQ
                     







                        Job Candidate Policy
                     







                        Careers
                     







                        Open Source Acknowledgments
                     












About Breville









                        About Us
                     







                        Patents
                     







                        Breville Affiliates Program
                     







                        Diversity & Inclusion
                     







                        Social Responsibility
                     







                        Modern Slavery Act
                     







                        Terms Of Use
                     







                        EULA
                     







                        Privacy Notice
                     







                        Cookie Notice
                     







                        Site Map
                     














© 2023 Breville USA. All rights reserved.















































