"The Galaxy Buds Pro live up to the 'Pro' moniker."
CNN Underscored
From CNN Underscored. ©2021 Turner Broadcasting Systems, Inc.. All rights reserved. Used under license.
"I was home all day and didn’t hear my doorbell go off."
Input
"I really like how these earbuds fit."
The Verge
"Samsung's new earbuds have one feature that everyone should steal."
Fast Company
Introducing Galaxy Buds Pro
These are true wireless earbuds, with pro-grade technology for immersive sound like never before. While Intelligent ANC lets you seamlessly switch between noise canceling and fully adjustable ambient sound. So let the outside in - or keep it out. It's your world. Galaxy Buds Pro let you hear the best of it.
Nine Galaxy Buds Pro charging cases, all in a 3x3 grid. There are 3 Phantom Black, 3 Phantom Violet, and 3 Phantom Silver. Each case opens one at a time to show the earbuds inside the case. It zooms in on the Phantom Violet case in the middle of the grid and it spins around as it zooms in until it disappears.
INTELLIGENT ANC
Tunes out noises, tunes in voices
INTELLIGENT ANC
INTELLIGENT ANC
Noise canceling you can control
Active Noise Canceling on Galaxy Buds Pro filters out up to 99% of background noise. Microphones on the inside and outside monitor noise in real time. Choose the ANC level to dial the world up or down with an intelligent algorithm that cancels out the noise: turn it to High on a noisy bus, or use Low in a quiet library - no need to change the volume.
Voice Detect instantly switches from ANC to Ambient sound when it hears your voice. Like when you're at a cafe using ANC to block outside noise, tell the barista your order and ANC automatically turns off when you speak. These intelligent buds turn down for your conversation, even if you're using Ambient Mode or have ANC turned off, by lowering the volume of your music and focusing the microphone on the person speaking to you.
Ambient sound means you don't have to take your earbuds out to join the conversation. You can hear voices with clarity and in real time. With an intelligent algorithm raising the volume of the environment through four levels, you don't miss out on important parts of the discussion.
PROFESSIONAL SOUND
A professional studio in your ear
2-way speakers with bigger driver for balanced sound and wide frequency response
11mm woofer for full bass
6.5mm tweeter with low distortion for silky treble, clean sound and a wide sound stage
Air vent reduces occlusion for spacious audio
Inner Mic High SNR Mic for picking up the user's voice clearly
Dual mic array for superior beamforming performance
Voice Pickup Unit
Mic mesh and chamber for minimizing wind noise
IMMERSIVE SOUND
Get lost in the studio sound
From the highest treble to the deepest bass, notes come through beautifully, thanks to custom-built 2-way speakers with sound by AKG. Galaxy Buds Pro offer the most immersive sound experience on Galaxy Buds, whether you're listening to a new album or the audiobook for your next road trip.
Take noise-free calls that blow your mind. The best quality call for true wireless earbuds means you get less noise and a clearer voice on calls at home or out in the world. With three built-in microphones and the voice pickup unit, every word is crystal clear. The low protrusion design minimizes wind contact, while the sophisticated wind shield solution blocks the sound of wind during calls.
LEARN MORE
Work from home
Set up your home office anywhere. The microphones deliver beamforming technology to pick up your voice only - so you can contribute without your coworkers hearing others in the house.
Go for a walk
Galaxy Buds Pro are specially engineered to banish the noises made by gusts of wind, so you don't need to raise your voice to be heard on calls during blustery days.
Close Popup
360 AUDIO
Galaxy Buds Pro earbuds in Phantom Black, floating in space to demonstrate the three-dimensional sound provided by 360 Audio.
360 AUDIO
Lifelike audio that immerses you with incredible realism
Experience 360 Audio so engaging, it shifts you into the middle of the scene. With Dolby Head Tracking™ technology, Galaxy Buds Pro place you into the center of your favorite video, movie or TV show. The intelligent motion-tracking sensor pinpoints the direction of the sound as you move your head, enabling a powerful sense of realism in your listening experience. And with content in Dolby Atmos®, hear every detail with greater clarity, and feel a deeper connection to the story.
CONVENIENCE
All your worlds in harmony
AUTO SWITCH
A Galaxy smartphone and Galaxy Buds Pro in Phantom Violet in their charging case. The