Px7 S2's custom-designed 40mm drive units and 24-bit-capable wireless platform combine for a truly immersive listening experience that allows you to hear more of what the artist wants you to hear.

Hybrid Noise Cancellation

Ambient Pass-Through

Wear-Detection Sensor

Bluetooth® Audio - Bluetooth 5.2 with aptX™ Adaptive

USB-C Charging & Audio Interface

"The Bowers & Wilkins Px7 S2 sound outstanding, with occasional deviations into 'excellent' and even 'glorious'."

– T3

"The best Bowers do just got better! Bowers & Wilkins Px7 S2 are a total revamp of their excellent predecessors."

– Stuff

"Sophisticated, neutral and detailed sound."

– What Hi-Fi?

– Tom’s Guide 

– Stiftung Warentest

Hear what your music really sounds like

Bowers & Wilkins is trusted by music professionals the world
over to deliver the most detailed, natural and immersive sound
available. Our Px7 S2 headphones bring you closer to the
original recording, so you’ll hear the music exactly as the
artist intended. With 30 hours of listening from a single
charge, you can enjoy the experience for over a day at a time.

Sounds like no other

Px7 S2 uses custom-designed 40mm drive units, carefully angled
inside each earcup for a truly focused, immersive listening
experience. The result is a class-leading headphone
experience.

Cancel the noise, not your music

Px7 S2 uses a total of six microphones for outstanding noise
cancellation that shuts out unwanted intrusions without
harming your favorite music dynamics and energy. Careful
positioning and angling of those microphones ensures excellent
call quality too, even in noisy environments.

Premium design, perfect fit

Px7 S2 has been carefully designed for comfortable, extended
listening, with luxurious memory foam earpads that perfectly
encapsulate and cushion your ears, and an elegant fabric
finish.

Enjoy the music you love, instantly. Use the Bowers & Wilkins Music app to connect and control your devices and stream from a growing selection of compatible streaming services.