Receive a discount of £30 when you purchase a QuietComfort Ultra Headphones, QuietComfort Headphones or QuietComfort Ultra Earbuds and use the coupon code "HOLIDAYOFFER2023" in the cart.

90-day Risk Free Trial
Free delivery for orders of £39 or more, and free return delivery

BREAKTHROUGH BOSE IMMERSIVE AUDIO
WORLD-CLASS NOISE CANCELLATION
SOUND TAILORED TO YOU
UNRIVALLED COMFORT
PLAYS UP TO 24 HOURS*
MODES FOR ANY MUSICAL MOOD
AMAZINGLY CLEAR CALLS
CUSTOMISE WITH BOSE MUSIC APP

Overview
Specs
Reviews
FAQs
Support
Accessories

Bose QuietComfort Ultra Headphones

Overview
Specs
Reviews
FAQs
Support
Accessories

Buy now
Current Price £399.95
Original Price £449.95

Overview
Bose.co.uk EXCLUSIVE
Immersive audio.
Captivating colour.
NEW QuietComfort Ultra Headphones in Limited Edition Sandstone

Shop
Levelled-up listening
World-class noise cancellation, quieter than ever before. Breakthrough spatialised audio for more immersive listening. Elevated design and luxe materials for unrivalled comfort. It’s everything music makes you feel taken to new highs.

Sound just got real
These spatial audio headphones with Bose Immersive Audio push the boundary of what it means to listen. For you it means music that sounds realer than ever before.

Welcome to the acoustic sweet spot
What you’re hearing is placed just in front of you, so it seems like you aren’t listening with headphones at all.

Mind-bending natural sound
It’s a ground-breaking experience with sound so real you’ll almost try to reach out and touch it.

World-class quiet.
Better than ever.

A mode for your musical mood
Quiet Mode
Highs hit harder and bass drops the deepest with the quietest quiet of any Bose over-ear headphone yet.

Aware Mode
Want the best of both worlds? Hear your music and surroundings with full transparency.

Immersion Mode
Combine full noise cancellation and Bose Immersive Audio to listen like never before. It’s the realest sound you can get.

The sound is all you
CustomTune technology auto-adjusts the sound performance to your ears’ liking. So everything hits just as it should.

TAILORED SOUND IN THREE STEPS:
1. They analyse the unique shape of your ears
2. They adapt to any distortion
3. They personalise to always give you the best sound quality

Elevated design
Modern, sleek, sophisticated.
Luxe materials. Max comfort.
It’s like a soft hug for your ears that fits like no other headphones.

Bose Music app
Personalise almost everything to your liking in the app with Adjustable EQ, custom modes, and a shortcut you access right on the headphones.

Long battery life
Go ahead, press play on even your longest marathon playlist with up to 24 hours of battery life (up to 18 hours with Immersive Audio).*

Amazingly clear calls
Hear and be heard clearly on calls with a revolutionary mic system.

Specs
What’s in the box
Bose QuietComfort Ultra Headphones
Carry case
3.5 mm to 2.5 mm audio cable
USB-C® (A to C) cable (12")
Safety sheet
Dimensions/weight
Headphone:
19.5 cm H x 13.9 cm W x 5.08 cm D (0.25 kg)
Carry case:
21.1 cm H x 15.7 cm W x 6.1 cm D (0.2 kg)
Materials
Aluminium, Leather (Plastic), Leather (Protein), Plastic
Battery
Battery life: Up to 24 hours*
Battery charging time: Up to 3 hours**
Quick 15-minute charge: For up to 2 hours**
Battery charge method: USB-C
* Testing conducted by Bose in June 2023 using production-representative Bose QuietComfort Ultra Headphones and a variety of music tracks using A2DP Bluetooth audio streaming at a RSSI signal strength of 75 dBm. Volume set to a playback loudness of 75 dB, 3-band EQ set to zero, in Quiet Mode (full noise cancellation). With Immersive Audio off, playback time was up to 24 hours before battery depletion. With Immersive Audio on, playback time was up to 18 hours before battery depletion. Battery life varies based on settings and usage.
** Testing conducted by Bose in June 2023 using production-representative Bose QuietComfort Ultra Headphones. Quick charge testing consisted of charging headphones with battery depleted (to the point of no audio playback) for 15 minutes, then resuming audio playback with volume set to a playback loudness of 75 dB, 3-band EQ set to zero, in Quiet Mode (full noise cancellation) with Immersive