 
 














































TURBINE 600 Electric Leaf Blower - WG520  | WORX
















































































































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
 
 For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
 
 
 














Go back to read more














Get a Pollen-Free Clean Zone. 
Shop Hydroshots












Everything you need for Summer! 
Shop Now












NEW! Aventon eBike & eScooter available now












Tell us what you think and win! 
Write a Review on your favorite Worx tool












Free Shipping $99+














Go forward to read more








 
 
 
Toggle Nav
 
 
Search
Search
 
 
Advanced Search
Search
 
Call Us
855-279-0505
 
Support
 
 
Customer Support
 
 
Track Order
 
 
 Worx Warranty
 
 
Register Product
 
 
Register Landroid
 
 
Landroid Support
 
 
Order Spools
 
 
Return Policy
 
 
Returns & Refunds
 
 
Store Locator 
 
 
 
United States
 
 
 
 United States
 
 
 
Canada
 
 
Don’t See Your Country?
 
 
Support
 
 
Customer Support
 
 
Track Order
 
 
 Worx Warranty
 
 
Register Product
 
 
Register Landroid
 
 
Landroid Support
 
 
Order Spools
 
 
Return Policy
 
 
Returns & Refunds
 
 
Store Locator 
 
 
United States
 
 
 
 United States
 
 
 
Canada
 
 
Don’t See Your Country?
 
 
 
 
 
 
Create Account
Login
 
 
My Cart
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cancel
 
Search
 
 
 
New
 
 
 
 Power Share
 
 
 
 View All
 
 
 Discover Power Share
 
 
 
20V Power Share
 
 
 
40V Power Share
 
 
 
 
Lawn & Garden
 
 
 
View All
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lawn & Garden
 
String Trimmers & Edgers


 
Power Cleaners


 
Leaf Blowers & Mulchers


 
Yard Carts


 
Lawn Mowers


 
Robotic Lawn Mowers


 
Chainsaws & Pole Saws


 
Hedge Trimmers & Clippers


 
Garden Tools


 
Nitro Lawn & Garden
Featured
 
Top Rated


 
GT Revolution


 
Landroid


 
Hydroshot


 
Trivac


 
Aerocart


 
Combo Kits


 
Shop All Lawn & Garden


 
Summer Tools
 
 
 
 
 
Power Tools
 
 
 
View All
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Power Tools
 
Drills, Drivers & Nail Guns


 
Power Saws


 
Sanders & Oscillating Tools


 
Paint Sprayers


 
Automotive


 
Tools Accessories


 
Work Support


 
Nitro Power Tools
Featured
 
Top Rated


 
Pegasus


 
Switchdriver


 
Tool Combo Kits


 
Shop All Power Tools
 
 
 
 
 
Home & Recreation
 
 
 
View All
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Home & Recreation
 
eBikes & eScooters
 
Crafting Tools


 
Coolers


 
Cleaning


 
Lighting


 
Featured
 
EBikes


 
EScooters


 
MAKERX Nation


 
The MAKERX-Perts


 
Project Inspiration
 
 
 
 
 
Accessories
 
 
 
View All
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accessories
 
Trimmer Accessories


 
Batteries & Chargers


 
Spring Tune-up Kits


 
Power Tool Accessories


 
Blower & Mulcher Accessories


 
Hydroshot Accessories


 
Aerocart Accessories


 
Chainsaw Accessories


 
Lawn Mower Accessories


 
Crafting Tools Accessories
Featured
 
Free Spools for Life


 
Batteries
 
Chargers
 
 
 
 
 
Battery Type
 
 
 
View All
 
 
20V Power Share
 
 
 
40V Power Share
 
 
 
40V Share Volt
 
 
 
56V Maxlithium
 
 
 
 
Deals
 
 
 


Learn More About our
    Accessibility Policy
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WORX
 
 
 
TURBINE 600 Electric Leaf Blower
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TURBINE 600 Electric Leaf Blower
 
Item
 
 WG520 
 
 
 
 
 
3 Year Warranty
 
30 Day Guarantee
 
 
$79.99
 
 
 
 
 Coming Soon! 
  Be notified when this item arrives 
Enter email address
 
Notify
 
 
Out of stock
 
 
 
Add to Wishlist
 
 
Details
 
TURBINE fan technology delivers forceful, high-capacity air volume.


Up to twice as fast as professional gas blowers.


Variable speed control to quickly clean up your outdoor spaces.


Dynamic airflow design for maximum performance.


Features a Hyper-Stream air nozzle for extra tough conditions.


Cord retainer for hassle-free leaf blowing.


 
 
 Skip to the end of the images gallery
 
 
 
 Skip to the beginning of the images gallery
 
 
 
Technical Specifications
Owner's Manual


 
Rated Voltage
120V~60HZ
Rated Power
12 AMPS
Air Speed
60/110 MPH
Air Volume
320/600 CFM
Speed Control
Variable
Machine Weight
6.4 lbs.
What's in the box
(1) - 12 AMP Turbine 600 Blower
FAQ
Does this come with a battery?
No, this model does not include a battery. This is an electric tool.
How heavy is the Turbine 600 Leaf Blower?
The great news is that it’s not heavy! The TURBINE 600 Leaf Blower only weighs 6.4 lbs. Our ergonomic design ensures even this small amount of weight is optimally distributed to make clean up comfortable while keeping the controls easily accessible.
I have seen the Turbine Leaf Blower as electric or battery operated. Which one is correct?
WORX has an entire family of TURBINE products, some of which are battery operated and some of which are electric. The WG520 is an electric model.
How long is the cord?
The TURBINE 600 Leaf Blower’s attached cord is 11-1/2” and is equipped with an extension cord retainer to help keep your power cords connected, even if it gets caught while you’re working.
What kind of extension cord should I use?
The right extension cord will ensure you get the performance you expect and will extend the life of your blower. Look for an extension cord rated for Outdoor Use and make sure the gauge of the cord is appropriate for the length you’re using. The WG520 is a 12 Amp tool, so check for gauge and length on the grid or in your manual. Your local hardware or garden supply store will be happy to help you select the right cord to meet your needs.
What is the horsepower rating of the Turbine 600 Leaf Blower? How powerful is it?
Horsepower rating is more accurately used to describe gas-powered tools. The TURBINE 600 Leaf Blower has a power rating of 12 Amps and reaches 28,600 RPMs. With a max airflow of 600 cfm, you can be sure the TURBINE 600 has the power to get the job done.
Is this also a vacuum like some of the other electric blowers Worx offers?
The WG520 does not include a vacuum feature. For a complete 3-in-1 electric leaf blower/vacuum/mulcher, check out the  
Worx TRIVAC
Is the Turbine Fusion Leaf Blower variable speed? How do I change the speed?
Yes, the WG520 TURBINE 600 Leaf Blower does have a variable speed control. The control is in the perfect position for one-handed operation. To change the speed of the blower, use the orange dial at the front of the handle to go from low to GO!
Does it come pre-assembled?
Each TURBINE 600 leaf blower comes with some minor assembly required, but it will take less than 3 minutes and will not require tools.
Once I put the turbine together, can I disassemble it?
Yes, you can disassemble the TURBINE 600 after you’ve put it together. Press the convenient clip on the left side of the TURBINE nozzle to release the nozzle. Hold this down and pull the nozzle straight away from the motor. Separating the motor and nozzle makes the tool more compact for transport or easy storage in tight spaces.


If you need to further disassemble the nozzle, find the small, rectangular shape with rounded corners near the seam of the two nozzle pieces. Press down hard on this space while pushing the seam against a hard surface. It is difficult to separate, but may be done if necessary.
I misplaced my manual. Is there anywhere I can get more information?
You can download the manual 
here
. 
I didn't receive a wall mount with this tool, but I thought it was supposed to have one. How can I get it?
It’s not missing, just improved. In addition to our passion for innovation, WORX uses customer feedback to continually improve our tools, and some of the feedback we received was not everyone had the space to mount a separate wall bracket to hang their tools - or that it wasn’t compatible with their current storage space. Instead of including an extra piece with the TURBINE 600 Leaf Blower, we built the wall mount into the tool! On the back of the motor housing, under the orange air vent, is a key-hole shaped cutout. This gives you the flexibility to use what you have – hooks, bolts, or nails – to hang up your TURBINE without changing a thing.
Are there any precautions I should follow when using the blower with damp leaves? Will I get shocked?
The TURBINE 600 Electric Leaf Blower is double-insulated to prevent shock, but we recommend that our customers follow standard safety precautions while using our tools - including wearing safety eyewear, gloves, appropriate shoes & clothing, and keeping hair tied back.


 
ATTENTION:
 The back of the motor housing is the air intake for the TURBINE 600 Leaf Blower. Keep all loose clothing, hair, and debris away from this area to avoid accident, injury or damage to the tool. Hold the blower at your side and keep the back of the motor housing clear at all times.
What is the guarantee/warranty?
If you decide the TURBINE 600 Leaf Blower isn’t the right tool for you, we offer a 30-day Money Back Guarantee from date of receipt (less shipping and handling). View more information 
here
.


 


We know your tools are indispensable, so we cover each tool with a 2 Year Limited Consumer Warranty. You can extend your warranty to 3 years by registering online within 30 days of purchase. Already have your TURBINE 600 Leaf Blower? 
Register now!


 


Parts subject to normal wear and tear are not covered by the tool’s warranty. View more information on our warranty 
here
.
Where can I get replacement parts?
Need a new bag? Many replacement parts are available online under 
Accessories
.
Is the mulching impeller in the blower replaceable?
Because of the positioning of the impeller in the tool, it is not a part we offer as a replaceable item. Our friendly customer service team will be glad to help you find the best solution to get you back up and running. 
California Proposition 65 Warning
 
California Proposition 65 Warning  
Warning:
 This product can expose you to chemicals including lead and Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) which are known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to 
www.P65Warnings.ca.gov
.
ADVERTENCIA
: Este producto puede exponerle a químicos incluyendo lead and Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), que son conocidos por el Estado de California como causantes de cáncer y defectos de nacimiento u otros daños reproductivos. Para mayor información, visite
 
www.P65Warnings.ca.gov
.
AVERTISSEMENT
: Ce produit peut vous exposer à des agents chimiques, y compris lead and Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), identifiés par l'État de Californie comme pouvant causer le cancer et des malformations congénitales ou autres effets nocifs sur la reproduction.  Pour de plus amples informations, prière de consulter
 
www.P65Warnings.ca.gov
.
 
GET TO KNOW THE TURBINE 600 ELECTRIC LEAF BLOWER
Variable speed control
One-handed operation
12-amp Power input
Turbine airflow for maximum performance
Hyper-stream air nozzle
Buy the Turbine 600 Electric Leaf Blower Now
TURBINE TECH
600 CFM
600 cubic feet per minute gives you a wide, strong path of air volume for heavy duty debris clearing.
TWICE AS FAST
Get the job done better since the TURBINE 600 is up to twice as fast as professional gas blowers.
GO ELECTRIC
When you go electric you have unlimited power that is cleaner and more cost-effective than gas blowers.
Buy the Turbine 600 Electric Leaf Blower Now
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Be the first to hear


about new products and get seasonal project ideas, subscribe now.
 
Email address:
 
Subscribe
PRODUCTS

Trimmers & Edgers
Portable Power Cleaners
Blowers & Mulchers
Yard Carts
Lawn Mowers
Robotic Lawn Mowers
Chainsaws
Hedge Trimmers
Drills & Drivers
Power Saws
Sanders & Oscillating Tools
Work Support
Crafting Tools
Service & Support

Contact Us
Order Tracker
Register a Product
Landroid Support
Free Spools for Life
3 Year Limited Warranty
30 Day Return / Refund
California Proposition 65
Military Discounts
Worx Offers
Affirm Financing
Pressure Washer Recall
Company

My Account
About Us
Ratings & Reviews
Where to Buy
Accessibility Statement
Do Not Sell or Share My Info
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy


Press

Toolshed Blog
What’s New


STAY CONNECTED
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Pinterest
Blog
TikTok

    CALL US


855-279-0505
 
 
© 2023 WORX | All Rights Reserved
 
 
 
 
 








 


























 


 
Buy Now
 





































































































































