



























Beatbot AquaSense Pro








































































































 
















Skip to content










The pre-sale of AquaSense is still in full swing →














 


Explore AquaSense Pro
Hot


Products














Support


Contact Us
Our Story














































0






/


$0.00
























Home
Beatbot AquaSense Pro
























































































Click to enlarge


























Free and Fast
 Shipping








30-Day
 Money-Back
 Guarantee








Secure Payment
 Methods and BNPL








Responsive 24/7
 Support








2 Years Warranty
















Beatbot AquaSense Pro




 
$2,199.00 
Get $500 Coupon
World's 1st 5-in-1 Cleaning: Clarification/Surface/Waterline/Floor/Walls Powered by 9 Motors.
Best Intelligent Path Optimization Powered by Quad-Core 1.8GHz Processor.
Industry-Exclusive Intelligent Return to Starting Point and Surface Parking.
Powerful Wall Cleaning with Brushless Main-Pump Motor up to 5500 GPH Suction.
Effortless Cleaning Control with the Beatbot APP and OTA Software Upgrades.
Award-Winning and Eco-Friendly Cordless Submarine Propulsion Design.
Superior Cleaning Efficiency and Coverage with 2x2 Independent Roller Brushes.
Extreme Safety and Reliability with 15 Certifications, including ETL, CEC, and IP68.
Ultimate Convenience with Cordless Charging Dock for Plug-Free Operations.
9.5 Hours Surface Cleaning and 5 Hours Floor Cleaning with 10400mAh Battery.






Editions








AquaSense Pro 








AquaSense
















Quantity












Add to cart








Notify Me When Available


Safe & Secure










Pay with Ease










Trusted Delivery












Delivery within 2 weeks with free shipping
                  
























Overview


In the Box


Media Reviews


Product Reviews


FAQ


Spec
































One Pool Robot to Rule Them All
Beatbot AquaSense Pro
The World's First All-in-One Smart Pool Cleaning Robot


















5-in-One Cleaning Magic
It Cleans Where Others Can't
AquaSense Pro does it all! It offers the most comprehensive cleaning, making pool cleanliness and water clarity a breeze.




























Get Your Pool Cleaner Than Ever
Unleash the Power Your Pool Can't Handle!
Experience unmatched mobility and cleaning performance with nine powerful motors, a dual-roller brush system at the front and back, and up to 150 μm ultra-fine dual filtration.










































Customized Cleaning
Take Total Control of Your Pool
The Beatbot App introduces an industry-first map visualization of your pool and cleaning paths, and provides users with unrivaled control over their pool cleaning experience.














It Gives You Total Peace of Mind
Makes Pool Care A Breeze
Maintaining your pool becomes effortless with AquaSense Pro. It's easy to use, retrieve, and maintain, making the entire cleaning process a breeze.










































Efficient Pool Cleaning with a Scratch-Free Solution
Effectively cleans all types of swimming pools, including concrete pool, vinyl pool, fiberglass pool and ceramic tiles pool, leaving no scratches.


















What's in the Box








































Media Reviews








“Once the cleaning is complete, the robot will return to the surface for easy retrieval. For peace of mind, the product comes with a two-year warranty and will receive periodic over-the-air updates to improve its performance”










“Beatbot is set to redefine your pool maintenance experience, making it smarter, simpler, and more efficient.  It's a revolutionary leap in smart pool cleaning technology. ”










“It has a 5-in-1 cordless cleaning design, and AI capabilities that eliminate bugs, debris, and leaves from the top of your pool while also scrubbing the walls and floor of your pool—which is a first”




























Product Reviews












@Thepoolguy ML


Beatbot AquaSense Pro is equipped with advanced technology, it's got clear nav path optimization and smart navigation, very cool!
















@Triple M


It is the most advanced robotic pool cleaner that I've used to date, the surface cleaning, which acts as a skimmer, truly works!
















@5M Family


That is so cool! I love the app that allows me to look at it‘s cleaning map and how much battery life is left, more advance!
















@TechMagnet


It's able to climb the pool walls that most others can't, also clean the top of the pool that allows it to fly through the water, more intelligent!
















@Elizabeth Swims


The beatbot does all the work so you can spend less time cleaning and more time playing in the beautiful clear pool
















@Techmagnet


the build quality, down to every single accessory is top notch and the design looks equally amazing


















User Experience


















































































Frequently-asked Questions

















                What kind of swimming pool is suitable to use beatbot cleaning robot?
              






It is suitable for swimming pools of various shapes and made of vinyl, fiberalass, ceramic or other materials.









                Do I need to pay any cost for returns or exchanges?
              






If returns or exchanges occur due to product quality issues, all costs will be covered by beatbot.









                Can I put my robot anywhere in the pool to start working?
              






Yes, you can. Beatbot robot will automatically find the nearest pool wall, plan a path intelligently and start working.









                Can this be used in a saltwater pool
              






Yes, both AquaSense and AquaSense Pro can work in saltwater. The max density is 5,000 PPM. 
















Which Beatbot pool cleaning robot is right for you?












































































































Products




Products







                                    AquaSense Pro
                                    





                                    AquaSense 
                                    














More




More







                                    FAQ
                                    





                                    Our Story
                                    





                                    Payment Methods
                                    














Policies




Policies







                                    Shipping Policy
                                    





                                    Refund Policy
                                    





                                    Warranty Policy
                                    














Stay Tuned with Us


Be the first to get product launches, discounts and exclusive content straight to your inbox.














Subscribe





























































Copyright © 2024 Beatbot  all rights reserved















            Privacy Policy
          





            Terms of Service
          










































Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.


































































 
 





































































































