





























 
 












WYBOT S1 High-end Cordless Robotic Pool Cleaner with APP Mode, Wall-cl




















































































 














 




















 












Skip to content










 




Robotic Pool Cleaner


Best Seller
WYBOT-HIGH END
Cordless
Corded
Handheld


What's New
Parts & Accessories
About us


Support


FAQ
Order Track
Downloads
Contact us














































0










0






/


$0.00
























Home
WYBOT S1 High-end Cordless Robotic Pool Cleaner with APP Mode, Wall-climbing
































































































































Click to enlarge






















WYBOT S1 High-end Cordless Robotic Pool Cleaner with APP Mode, Wall-climbing






 
 
 
 
 1 review 
 






$999.99
 
$599.98
 
SAVE 40%


 
 
 
 
 1 review 
 


Order in the next 
[totalHours] hours %M minutes
 to get it between 
 and 
















Add to Wishlist


Add to cart








 
 
Notify Me When Available
















Description


Cordless Pool Robot with App Setting
: WYBOT is the first brand to develop a cordless swimming pool robot with APP. Our app offers a variety of cleaning modes and paths. You can choose from floor mode, waterline mode, combination mode, and up to 6 different cleaning paths to meet the specific cleaning needs of your pool. Note: Please change the cleaning mode of the robot when onshore.


Double the Suction, Say Goodbye to Debris
: Equipped with triple powerful motors and two robust roller brushes, effortlessly capturing dirt, sand, leaves, and debris. The special leak-proof design ensures efficient operation and prevents dirt or debris from being released back into the pool water, leaving your pool sparkling clean.


Yes, It Can "See" Your Pool
: With advanced gyroscopes and depth sensors, our pool robot can "see" the pool, intelligently planning the most efficient cleaning path for optimal cleaning performance. It also won't get stuck at the drain as it can smart self-rescue.


Full Pool Cleaning Coverage
: It effortlessly climbs pool walls without the risk of falling like other robots. Its powerful suction and intelligent navigation system allow it to effectively clean vertical surfaces, including tiles, concrete, and vinyl walls. Say goodbye to unsightly dirt and grime on your pool walls and enjoy a pristine swimming environment.


Longest Runtime among Cordless Pool Robots
: Provides up to 180 minutes in general, but can up to 200 mins for floor cleaning only. Ensure uninterrupted and effective pool cleaning, while a quick 2.5-hour recharge minimizes waiting time, allowing you to have more enjoyable pool moments.


Scheduled Cleaning, Time and Effort Saving
: By setting a scheduled cleaning time, you can automatically arrange the robot to clean on specific days, without the need for manual operation. This ensures your pool stays clean at the desired time and saves you the time and effort of manual cleaning each time.






































Overview


Specs


Faqs


Reviews






































































































































































































































































Powerful Scrubbing Brushes
Designed to scrub and loosen dirt, debris from the pool surfaces, ensuring thorough cleaning.






Corrosion-resistant Charging
Provide protection against water damage and corrosion, ensuring the safe and efficient charging of the robot.






LEDs Indicate Machine Status
Be informed of all the working status of the robot. Allowing users to easily understand the current state of the robot.






Package List
Pool cleaner *1; 
User manual *1; 
Hook *1; 
Charger *1; 
Quick Guide*1; 
Floating block *2






Tech Specs




General 
     






















Robot
     






















Battery
     






















Other
     
















































































































































FAQS











                When the robot is already working underwater, I tried to change the mode with the app, but it doesn't seem to work?
              






Please note that due to possible signal loss underwater, changing the mode with the app while the robot is already working underwater may not work as expected.











                Why is the machine I received wet? Is this a used product?
              






Rest assured that we test every unit underwater before packaging to ensure it works properly before delivery. Therefore, it is normal for the machine to be slightly damp or have water stains.











                After registering, unable to find the device?
              






1. Check if your phone's Bluetooth is turned on.
2. Check if the app has the correct permissions. Go to Settings->WYBOT->Bluetooth
3. Check if the device is powered on.
4. Try with another phone.











                Unable to register and log in to the app?
              






1. Check your network connection.
2. Check the error message displayed by the app. If it says you have already registered, try logging in directly. If it says the password is incorrect, try resetting your password.










 
 
 
Customer Reviews
 
 
 
 
 
Based on 1 review
 
 
Write a review
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100%
 
(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0%
 
(0)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0%
 
(0)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0%
 
(0)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0%
 
(0)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 E 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Earl Stockford
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
It's doing a good job so far
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


























Products




Products







                                    Best Seller
                                    





                                    WYBOT-HIGH END
                                    





                                    Cordless
                                    





                                    Corded
                                    





                                    Handheld
                                    














Support




Support







                                    About us
                                    





                                    Contact us
                                    





                                    Order Track
                                    





                                    Blogs
                                    





                                    All reviews
                                    





                                    FAQ
                                    





                                    APP Download
                                    





                                    Wholesale
                                    





                                    WYBOT CES 2024
                                    














Policy




Policy







                                    Privacy Policy
                                    





                                    Refund Policy
                                    





                                    Shipping Policy
                                    





                                    Terms of Service
                                    





                                    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
                                    














Newsletter Sign Up


Subscribe to our newsletter and get the latest news from WYBOT














Subscribe









































































Copyright © 2024 
WYBOT
 all rights reserved. Powered by 
The4


















Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.


































































 
 










































Shop










0


Wishlist










0


Cart










Account










Search



















































