















AQUILA PRO AI AX3000 Wi-Fi 6 Smart Mesh System        (2-Pack)






























































 










Where to Buy 


promotions


redemptions


about us


sign in




























 
 
















home solutions


connectivity












Modems & Routers


For ADSL / VDSL and NBN connections, D-Link has you covered with the widest range of Modems & Routers available.










Mesh Systems


Designed to cover your whole home in seamless Wi-Fi, our Mesh Systems are a perfect fit for the modern home.










Switches


Extend your network with Gigabit Ports that provide a reliable, high-speed, wired connection.        










Network Adapters


Instantly upgrade your Wi-Fi or add Gigabit connectivity to your Laptop or Computer.

		 










Network Extenders


Extend your existing network further and cost-effectively with a Wireless Range Extender or a pair of Powerline Adapters.










USB Hubs


Connect more devices by adding additional USB Ports to your Laptop or Computer with a

		USB Hub.
















Cameras & Smart Home








Wi-Fi Cameras


D-Link Wi-Fi IP Cameras are simple to install and let you monitor your home or premises with ease










Wi-Fi Smart Plugs


With a Smart Plug you can control any connected device.










Smart DIY Sensors


Receive alerts when motion is detected or a door or window is opened

	 










Smart DIY Kits


Create your own Smart Home Security Solution.










mobile broadband








Mobile Routers


Routers that use a data-enabled SIM card to share an Internet connection.










Mobile Hotspots/ Adapters


USB Adapters that use a data-enabled SIM card to share an Internet connection










support










Technical Support




Downloads


Setup Guides 


Troubleshooting 








Warranty




Warranty and returns


Returns / RMA Status








Contact us




Contact Technical Support








Register Product




Register your products here














Promotions


Redemptions


FOR business










Wireless










Switching










IP Surveillance












Security










Nuclias Networking Management
 










M2M SOLUTIONS






















































































































































AQUILA PRO AI AX3000 Wi-Fi 6 Smart Mesh System        (2-Pack)


M30-2PK










Eco-friendly Design:
 With a housing made from post-consumer recycled materials and delivered in sustainable packaging, the M30 was designed to reduce its environmental impact


Rapid Connectivity: 
Revel in speeds up to 3 Gbps with an extra antenna on the faster 5 GHz band, assuring seamless video streaming, video conferencing, and smooth gaming


Uninterrupted Wi-Fi Everywhere:
 Enjoy robust 360° spherical coverage courtesy of a sophisticated antenna design and advanced AI technology, ensuring fast and consistent Wi-Fi in every corner of your home


Scale-as-you-need Mesh: 
Future proof your network and easily expand your coverage by adding more AQUILA PRO AI devices to create a whole home Mesh network


Ultra-Fast Gigabit Wired Connection: 
1 x Gigabit WAN port + 4 x Gigabit LAN ports (per M30 Router) allow you to make fast and reliable connections to wired devices like smart TVs, gaming PCs and more


Help Protect Your Home Network: 
Help keep your family safer online with our premium home network security features like Advanced Parental Controls, ETSI EN 303 645 cybersecurity standards and WPA3 encryption


Setup and Management Simplified: 
The intuitive AQUILA PRO AI app helps guide you through setup and monitors your network to help you keep it running at peak performance














Availability: 
 In Stock




RRP
 AU$399.95




Buy now


Buy From  Other Stores























































                                            "Top choice for users prioritizing simplicity and reliability in their mesh network setup."
More Details



























                                            "This is one of the lowest-cost-per-node, offering good performance and expandability."
More Details



























                                            Experience Unparalleled Connectivity. 
Download your FREE Guide for tips to set up a Superior Home Wi-Fi Solution. 

More Details






























 








Home Solutions
 / 
Connectivity
 / 
Mesh Systems
 / AQUILA PRO AI AX3000 Wi-Fi 6 Smart Mesh System        (2-Pack)
        






FEATURES 


SPECIFICATIONS 


DOWNLOADS 


REVIEWS 






















360
o
 Spherical, Seamless Coverage


Advanced antenna design ensures stronger coverage and faster speeds






AI Mesh Optimiser


Auto path optimisation and self-healing capabilities for reliable connections






Ultra-Fast Speed up to 3Gbps


Superior Wi-Fi 6 performance for 8K streaming, gaming and video calls simultaneously










AI-Powered Intelligent Wi-Fi


Automatically keeps you on the optimal channel to eliminate interference






Premium Network Security Features


Help safeguard your network with Parental Controls, cybersecurity standard and more






Gigabit Connectivity


Plug in smart TVs, game consoles and more for fast and reliable connections










Innovative Aesthetic Design


Feather-patterned ventilation design and optional wall-mount installation






Eco-Friendly Design


Crafted with a post-consumer recycled casing to minimise environmental impact








 


 






 


AQUILA PRO AI


Smart Wi-Fi, Smart Life


Experience the ultimate smart home networking solution with D-Link AQUILA PRO AI, built with advanced AI-enabled capabilities for whole home fast and reliable Wi-Fi coverage.










 


 




 


Next-Generation Wi-Fi For Your Smart Home


The AQUILA PRO AI whole home mesh Wi-Fi system is equipped with the latest Wi-Fi 6 technology, providing improved speed, coverage and capacity for your home network.


 


Learn More about Wi-Fi 6






More Capacity for More Devices






Faster Speed






Backwards Compatible






Reduction in Latency












 


 


ECO-AESTHETICS DESIGN


No More Hiding


Mastering beauty, power, and sustainability, the AQUILA PRO AI M30 delivers comprehensive coverage with an eagle-inspired design. The unique feather-patterned ventilation dissipates heat for top performance and fast internet. With a housing crafted from post-consumer recycled materials and eco-packaging, M30 effortlessly complements your décor and our planet.

 
















 


 


WHOLE-HOME COVERAGE


No More Dead Zone


Experience exceptional Wi-Fi signal and uninterrupted connectivity throughout your home with the AQUILA PRO AI M30 Mesh Wi-Fi 6 Router. Employing an advanced antenna configuration optimised to produce a more balanced 360° spherical Wi-Fi coverage range and equipped with 5 powerful antennas including one extra 5 GHz antenna for extended range on the faster 5 GHz band, the M30 ensures greater overall coverage and faster performance, making it perfect for high-bandwidth applications like 8K streaming and LAG-free gaming. And if you need more coverage, AQUILA PRO AI is a grow-as-you-need Mesh solution, where you can add additional units to expand coverage and build a whole home mesh system.




●
 
2.4 Ghz 
: Larger Coverage     
●
 
5
 
Ghz 
: Faster Speed












SEAMLESS Wi-Fi


No More Having to Juggle Multiple Networks


Say goodbye to the hassle of remembering multiple usernames and passwords. Enjoy seamless Wi-Fi connectivity in your entire home with just one wireless network name (SSID). AQUILA PRO AI supports the 802.11 k/v standard for seamless roaming, ensuring uninterrupted streaming and video calls as you move around your home.
















 


BLAZING-FAST SPEED


No More Lag and Buffering


Experience dramatically faster internet speeds with high-performance AX3000 dual-band Wi-Fi 6 technology. Supporting 160MHz bandwidth and 1024-QAM, the AQUILA PRO AI M30 can deliver extreme speed up to 3 Gbps. The AI Traffic Optimiser* reduces buffering and congestion even further when running multiple devices simultaneously by prioritises your bandwidth usage, maximising your performance on intensive applications like 8K streaming, video conferencing and gaming.


*AI Traffic Optimiser uses AI-based QoS technology to optimise your network traffic and ensure smooth performance of your most important services.


 


 






 


RELIABLE CONNECTIVITY


No More Frustrating Weak Wi-Fi


The AI Wi-Fi Optimiser effortlessly enhances your Wi-Fi connection by continuously scanning your environment for the cleanest and most efficient Wi-Fi channel. On top of this, the AI Mesh Optimiser provides auto path optimisation and self-healing capabilities, ensuring reliable network connectivity. Say goodbye to Wi-Fi drops and slow speeds. Enjoy a fast and stable connection for all your devices.




 


 








 


NETWORK SECURITY


No More Network Worries


Ensure your children‘s Internet usage is on your terms with Advanced Parental Controls. Easily set profiles and restrict website access and schedule when your kids can access the Internet. Help keep your home network more secure around the clock with ETSI EN 303 645 cybersecurity standard and the latest WPA3 encryption, designed to provide robust protection for all your connected devices.


 


 






 


VOICE CONTROL


No More Having your Hands Full


You can turn your guest Wi-Fi on or off, check your login credentials, and reboot your Wi-Fi system, using just your voice with an Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant-enabled devices


*Google, Nest Hub, and Google Home are trademarks of Google LLC.

*Amazon, Alexa and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.


 


 






 


 


WIRED CONNECTIVITY


No More Buffering and Lag During Streaming Sessions


Take advantage of the M30’s Gigabit Ethernet backhaul for ultra-fast network speeds and enjoy the best possible network performance when connecting your favourite wired devices such as smart TVs, PCs, or game consoles to your AQUILA PRO AI M30 Mesh Wi-Fi Router.




WIRED CONNECTIVITY
 (per M30 Router)




1 x 1 Gbps WAN Port


4 x 1 Gbps LAN Ports












 


 


EASY SETUP


No More Complicated Installation


Setup your Wi-Fi in just a few minutes. Simply download the AQUILA PRO AI app, plug your router into your modem and power source, then follow the app's on-screen instructions to enjoy whole home Wi-Fi in no time.

 








 


 




EASY MANAGEMENT


No More Complex

Network Management


Experience hassle-free network management with the AQUILA PRO AI App. Let the AI Assistant effortlessly monitor your network's performance and recommend optimisations. Easily set up a guest Wi-Fi network to share with friends and family, activate Parental Controls to keep your kids safer online, and even schedule automatic Wi-Fi shut off at bedtime for a peaceful night's sleep.










 
























HIGHLIGHTS




Eco-friendly Design:
 With a housing made from post-consumer recycled materials and delivered in sustainable packaging, the M30 was designed to reduce its environmental impact


Rapid Connectivity: 
Revel in speeds up to 3 Gbps with an extra antenna on the faster 5 GHz band, assuring seamless video streaming, video conferencing, and smooth gaming


Uninterrupted Wi-Fi Everywhere:
 Enjoy robust 360° spherical coverage courtesy of a sophisticated antenna design and advanced AI technology, ensuring fast and consistent Wi-Fi in every corner of your home


Scale-as-you-need Mesh: 
Future proof your network and easily expand your coverage by adding more AQUILA PRO AI devices to create a whole home Mesh network


Ultra-Fast Gigabit Wired Connection: 
1 x Gigabit WAN port + 4 x Gigabit LAN ports (per M30 Router) allow you to make fast and reliable connections to wired devices like smart TVs, gaming PCs and more


Help Protect Your Home Network: 
Help keep your family safer online with our premium home network security features like Advanced Parental Controls, ETSI EN 303 645 cybersecurity standards and WPA3 encryption


Setup and Management Simplified: 
The intuitive AQUILA PRO AI app helps guide you through setup and monitors your network to help you keep it running at peak performance










NBN/UFB Support :
FTTP / FTTC/ HFC / Satellite / Fixed Wireless






Wi-Fi Technology :
Wi-Fi 6 (802.11ax)






Wi-Fi Speed :
AX3000 (574 + 2402 Mbps)










Wireless Bands :
Dual Band






Wi-Fi Range :
1-2 Bedrooms|2-3 Bedrooms






Wi-Fi Security :
Enhanced (WPA3)










WAN Interface :
Gigabit Ethernet






Ethernet Speed :
Gigabit Ethernet






Ethernet Ports :
4










Guest Network :
Yes






Parental Controls :
Schedule|Custom Profiles|Internet Access Control






Smart Home Compatible :
Amazon Alexa|Google Assistant














Firmware Upgrade :
OTA Firmware Upgrade|Automatic Firmware Upgrade|Manual Fimware Upgrade














Warranty :
3-Year Limited Warranty






















Go to the M30-2PK support page






Datasheet


Firmware 


Drivers


Quick Installation Guide


Images 


Manuals


All Downloads












 
 


"Top choice for users prioritizing simplicity and reliability in their mesh network setup." 


More details










 
 


"This is one of the lowest-cost-per-node, offering good performance and expandability." 


More details










 
 


Experience Unparalleled Connectivity. 
Download your FREE Guide for tips to set up a Superior Home Wi-Fi Solution. 
 


More details


















Related Products:






NEW




















AX3000 Wi-Fi 6 Smart Mesh Router 


M30










 
View More






AU$279.95 
































 


















Stay in touch.



            Sign up for our Newsletter and be the first to know about new products, promotions 
and all things D-Link.
        








Keep me updated














We're here to help.




Questions? Simply choose a support option from the icons below:










support












Email












Phone












 Register
 A Product












Check your
 Warranty
















































HOME SOLUTIONS


Connectivity


Security Cameras


Smart Home


Mobile Broadband


mydlink
TM 
 app










BUSINESS SOLUTIONS


Wireless


Switching


IP Surveillance


Nuclias


M2M Solutions


Security


Case Studies










ABOUT D-LINK


About D-Link


Press Centre


Reviews


Blog


Awards


Where to Buy


Support






















Contact Us


Privacy Policy


Terms Of Use








 


Copyright © 2024 D-Link Australia. All rights reserved. Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice.





































