





































HUAWEI MateBook 14 2021 – HUAWEI Global














































































HUAWEI MateBook 14 2021









                We use cookies to improve our site and your experience. By continuing to browse our site you accept our cookie policy.
 Find out more




























For a better user experience, please use the latest version of Internet Explorer or switch to another browser.
            



































            Consumer 










Close









                                Consumer




Smartphones, Laptops & Tablets, Wearables and More







                                Corporate




About Huawei, Press&Event, and More







                                Enterprise




Products, Solutions and Services for Enterprise







                                Carrier




Products, Solutions and Services for Carrier
































Smartphone






PC






Tablet






Wearable






Audio






Vision






Router






HUAWEI Mobile Services














Support






Community






Business
















Search








Open menu
















Close










search








Search










Close













                                Popular Products
                            





















                                               HUAWEI P60 Pro
                                            





















                                               HUAWEI Mate X3
                                            





















                                               HUAWEI WATCH GT 4
                                            















                                Quick View
                            






Smartphone






PC






Tablet






Wearable






Audio






Router






HUAWEI Mobile Services















                enter more search keys
            














Africa


Asia Pacific


Europe


Latin America


Middle East


North America


Global
















































































Get Ready for Windows 11


Learn More














Close






















HUAWEI MateBook 14 2021






HUAWEI MateBook 14 AMD 2021







































                                Features
                            







                                Specifications
                            







                                Product Support
                            







































                            HUAWEI MateBook 14 AMD 2021
                        




























































































Powerfully Sharp





















            6 Things to Love
        






























2K FullView Display






































Super Device






































Slim and Sleek Metal Body






































11th Gen Intel® Core™ Processor






































HUAWEI Shark fin Fan






































56 Wh Battery Life






















































Get Ready for a Stunning
                    
Display






Take a
 Fresh View





                        The 2K FullView display
1
 on 
HUAWEI
                            MateBook 14
 truly delivers a feast for your eyes. The 90% screen-to-body ratio
2
 and 3:2 aspect ratio push the limits
                        to reveal more. Images are rendered in accurate, vivid detail thanks to the 100% sRGB colour gamut
3
. And with flicker
                        eliminated and blue light reduced
4
,
                        your eyes will stay fresh even after long 
hours of use.








Flicker Free


DC Dimming






Low Blue Light


Certified by TÜV Rheinland














































10-Point Touch,
 for Easier Operations





                    The screen supports 10-point touch controls, allowing for effortless operations, such as one-finger swipe-based web browsing and two-finger picture zooming.
                




















































Not Just For
Your Lap




HUAWEI MateBook 14 is a laptop designed for the go.
                    The precision craftsmanship shines through both the sleek,
                    elegant appearance and the solid metal build
5
. Weighing
                    just 1.49 kg,
6
 and 15.9 mm thin
7
, it's ideal for zipping off for
                    the weekend or taking on that next 
business trip.








































































































Space Gray




























Gear up for More Power
























Smoothly
 Does it




The 11th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-1165G7
                                processor
8
 takes the power
                                and performance of
 HUAWEI MateBook 14
 to a new level. The advanced 
10 nm
 SuperFin CPU
                                boosts multi-core performance by up to 33%.
9

                                And the integrated Iris® X
e
 Graphics allows for a smoother experience, even
                                
when multitasking.










































































It's
 All Cool




The HUAWEI Shark fin cooling fans and dual heat-pipe design boosts
                                heat dissipation performance by up to 50%.
10

                                All this while maintaining super-low noise levels, to ensure you never lose your 
cool too.






0.2 mm


Ultra-thin fan blades






50%


Improved heat dissipation capability






































Super Device
11
Super Creativity






















Come Together as One



					Super Device facilitates seamless cross-device collaboration, allowing a vast array of smart devices to function as one cohesive unit. To form a Super Device, open the control center on your laptop, access the Super Device screen, and drag to connect the devices.
				














































































Learn More about HUAWEI P50 Pro >






Phone Collaboration




Open More Windows



								See an exact UI of your phone screen viewable on the MateBook screen. Open and use up to 3 phone app windows simultaneously, and achieve incredible levels of multitasking.
							






Easy File Access



								Back-up your phone files to MateBook easily using drag-and-drop. Edit them with the keyboard and mouse, with all changes saved automatically to your phone, ready to instantly send out to your contacts.
							






Convenient Calls



								Don't be dragged away from what you're working on. Take video calls on your phone seamlessly through the MateBook screen, so you can always stay focused on the task at hand. 
							












Phone Collaboration

















								See an exact UI of your phone screen viewable on the MateBook screen. Open and use up to 3 phone app windows simultaneously, and achieve incredible levels of multitasking.
							



















								Back-up your phone files to MateBook easily using drag-and-drop. Edit them with the keyboard and mouse, with all changes saved automatically to your phone, ready to instantly send out to your contacts.
							



















								Don't be dragged away from what you're working on. Take video calls on your phone seamlessly through the MateBook screen, so you can always stay focused on the task at hand. 
							










Learn More about HUAWEI P50 Pro >
































































Multi-Device Files


Transfer files between the laptop and connected devices
12
 in literally the blink of an eye.


































AI Search


Search for and find files and images on a connected device, directly from the device on hand
13
.




































Partner up with Other Devices








HUAWEI MatePad


Boost Efficiency with an Extra Screen
14


































HUAWEI MateView


Wireless Projection without Losing Resolution
15




































HUAWEI Vision


Screensharing Makes Smooth Presentation
16








































Learn More












Pop-up Pairing, 
Instant Connections



				Devices such as earphones, speakers, mouses, keyboards, and printers are detected as soon as they are placed close to the computer. Automatic pop-ups facilitate blazing-fast connections
17
.
			










































Tap into New
Connections


Tap your phone to the touchpad and you'll see your phone's screen
                immediately pop up on the
 HUAWEI MateBook 14
 screen via Huawei Share
13
. Great for video calls, multitasking with up to 3 phone app windows,
                and fast drag-and-drop 
file transfers.






































































































Multi-screen Collaboration


Fast File Transfer


Make Better Calls










Open up and use up to 3 phone application windows simultaneously – watch
                        videos, chat with friends and compare prices all at the 
same time.




Share files from your phone to your MateBook to edit them, then transfer
                        them back, all with a few taps. Any changes you make to files will automatically be saved to
                        
your phone.





                        Any calls you receive on your phone, you can take the phone call on MateBook via Huawei Share.
                        Great for working during business calls, and seeing your friends and family better during 
video calls.


























One Charger to
Charge Them All


The large 56 Wh battery
18
 inside 
HUAWEI MateBook 14

                    lets you play local Full HD video for up to 11 hours
19
. And with just a 15-minute charge, you'll get a cool
                    2.5 hours of use.
20
 The
                    compact-yet-powerful 65 W charger
21
 can be
                    used to charge USB-C compatible devices anywhere 
you go.










































Let Music
Inspire You


HUAWEI MateBook 14 packs some cool audio tech, so it really
                    delivers an amazing surround-sound effect, while ensuring audio distortion is kept to a minimum.
                    Play around with the built-in sound effects and audio modes for sound that suits 
your ears. 


































































Proud of its
 Ports


Despite its slim appearance,
 HUAWEI MateBook 14
 has the ports
                you're looking for. You can connect your earphones, external hard drive, you name it. And thanks to the
                reverse charging technology, you can charge your phone through the MateBook, even when it's 
powered off.
22


































USB 3.2 Gen 1 


USB 3.2 Gen 1 


































USB-C 


3.5 mm audio jack


HDMI 
















Bring on Innovation














































Fingerprint Access


With Fingerprint Power Button, you can power
                            
HUAWEI MateBook 14 on and get access in just 
one step.
                            Simple, fast
                            
 and secure.












































Recessed Camera


To protect your privacy, the camera is innovatively positioned
                            in a button at the top of the keyboard, and only comes out when you 
press it. 












































Wi-Fi 6 & 2 x 2 MIMO

                            Fast, Stable Wi-Fi
                        


With the latest Wi-Fi 6 standard built in, Wi-Fi speeds reach
                            up to 2.4 Gbps,
23
 while the 2 x 2
                            MIMO antenna ensures more 
stable connections.











































                            512 GB NVMe
 PCIe SSD
                        


HUAWEI MateBook 14 is equipped with 512 GB NVMe PCIe SSD
                            storage and 16 GB RAM
24
. Perfect for running several 
programs smoothly.
                            










































Fn + P 
Dual Mode Machine


When you're working on something that needs that extra power,
                            press Fn + P to switch to Performance Mode
25
. For everyday tasks, press again to switch back to 
Standard Mode.
















Tried, Tested 
and Approved


HUAWEI MateBook 14 has been put through multiple durability tests
                to ensure long-term stable performance under 
rigorous conditions.














High-temperature & high-humidity test (40°C, 90% RH)












USB-C port 
durability test












Fingerprint key durability test












Keyboard life test












Hinge life test












Touchpad life test








































HUAWEI MateBook Series


Premium thin, lightweight notebooks, with stunning designs and powerful performance.
                Create, work and experience to the fullest.




Learn More












































FullView display refers to standard display with narrow bezels and a high screen-to-body ratio. Data
                    from 
Huawei labs.


Data from Huawei labs. The screen-to-body ratio is calculated by dividing the active area (AA) by
                    the area of the touch panel (TP). The actual screen-to-body ratio 
may
                        vary.


Typical value.


The screen has obtained TÜV Rheinland Low Blue Light certification. Test conditions: with Eye
                    Comfort Mode enabled, the display has passed TÜV Rheinland Blue Light testing (excluding color
                    temperature adjustment). The product is not for medical treatment. The display is flicker-free via
                    DC 
Dimming technology.






The LCD cover, top cover, bottom cover and side covers (where the ports are located) are made of
                    metallic materials. The hinges are made using 
non-metallic materials.




Data from HUAWEI labs. The actual product weight may vary depending on the product's configuration,
                    manufacturing techniques, and 
calculation methods.


Data from HUAWEI labs. The thickness does not include the foot pads. The actual product
                    thickness
 may vary. 


This model has an 11th Generation Intel® Core™ i5-1135G7 
processor
                        version.


Data from Huawei labs. Compared with the previous generation
 HUAWEI MateBook 14
 using the 10th
                    generation Intel® Core™ i7-10510U. Actual test results may vary due to differences in models 
and duration.


Data from Huawei labs. Compared with the previous version of
 HUAWEI MateBook 14
 using the
 10th generation Intel® Core™ i7-10510U.




Only certain Huawei mobile phones, tablets, monitors, and certain Huawei laptops running PC Manager 12.0.2 or later support this function. If you have any questions about this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline.


Only certain Huawei mobile phones and tablets, and certain Huawei laptops running PC Manager 12.0.2 or later support this function. If you have any questions about this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline.


Only certain Huawei mobile phones and certain Huawei laptops running PC Manager 12.0.2 or later support this function. If you have any questions about this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline.


This feature is only supported by some types of files and apps in Huawei tablets that run HarmonyOS 2 or later, and some Huawei laptops that run PC Manager 12.0.2 or later. If you have any questions about this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline.


Only available on MateView wireless version model (HSN-CBA). If you have any questions about this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline.


Only certain Huawei visions and certain Huawei laptops running PC Manager 12.0.2 or later support this function. If you have any questions about this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline.


Only certain Huawei accessories，and certain Huawei laptops running PC Manager 12.0.2 or later support this function. If you have any questions about this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline.


Battery capacity is the 
rated capacity.


Data from Huawei labs. The display brightness level is set at 150 nits. Actual test results may vary
                    due to different conditions 
and settings.


Data from Huawei labs. Charging
 HUAWEI MateBook 14
 (only 1% power) in sleep mode for 15 minutes
                    using the original charger. Data obtained using PCMark10 ModernOffice. Actual test results may vary
                    due to differences in user habits 
and conditions.


The 65 W charger supports 5V/2A, 9V/2A, 12V/2A, 15V/3A, 20V/3.25A output. The actual output 
may vary.


 This feature is supported by USB-C compatible phones such as HUAWEI Mate40 Series, HUAWEI P40 Series and HUAWEI P30 series. You need to use the original charging cable. Make sure that MateBook has more than 10%
                    power, and the phone is 
powered on.


The peak theoretical speed is 2.4 Gbps. Data 
from Intel.


8 GB RAM version is also available.


 Performance Mode is turned off by default due to its higher power consumption. It may cause heating
                    and the cooling fans to generate a louder noise level. It is recommended to turn on this mode only
                    when needed, and while MateBook is connected to a 
power supply.


Huawei adopts a multi-supplier strategy for certain components. All components comply with Huawei's standards. Actual products in local markets should prevail.


The silkscreen on the keyboard shown is Windows 10, and is for illustration purposes only. Actual products may be installed with Windows 11 and the silkscreen may vary accordingly.




























Explore More Products






















































HUAWEI Mate X2




Explore




































HUAWEI WiFi AX3 (Quad-core)




Explore










































HUAWEI WATCH GT 2 Pro




Explore
























































*Accessibility of some features may vary across regions. Product pictures, videos and display contents on the foregoing pages are provided for reference only. Actual product features and specifications (including but not limited to appearance, colour, and size), as well as actual display contents (including but not limited to backgrounds, UI, icons and videos) may vary.


**All data in the foregoing pages are theoretical values obtained by HUAWEI internal laboratories through tests carried out under particular conditions. For more information, refer to the aforementioned product details. Actual data may vary owing to differences in individual products, software versions, application conditions, and environmental factors. All data is subject to actual usage.


***Due to real-time changes involving product batches, production and supply factors, in order to provide accurate product information, specifications, and features, HUAWEI may make real-time adjustments to text descriptions and images in the foregoing information pages, so that they match the product performance, specifications, indexes, and components of the actual product. Product information is subject to such changes and adjustments without notice.










Home






Laptop






HUAWEI MateBook 14 2021




















PRODUCTS







                Smartphone
            







                PC
            







                Tablet
            







                Wearable
            







                Audio
            







                Vision
            







                Router
            







                Accessories
            







                HarmonyOS 4
            







                EMUI
            







                Celia
            







                Business
            














MOBILE SERVICES







                AppGallery
            







                HUAWEI ID
            







                HUAWEI Mobile Cloud
            







                HUAWEI Wallet
            







                HUAWEI Music
            







                HUAWEI Video
            







                HUAWEI Themes
            







                HUAWEI Browser
            







                HUAWEI Assistant TODAY
            







                Petal Maps
            







                HUAWEI Books
            







                HUAWEI Member Center
            







                HUAWEI Health
            







                HUAWEI AI Life
            







                MeeTime
            














SUPPORT







                Find Service Center
            







                Product Environmental Information
            







                Call Us
            







                HiSuite
            







                Beta
            














ABOUT HUAWEI







                About Us
            







                News
            







                Events
            







                Sustainability
            







                Privacy
            







                Contact Us
            







                Corporate
            







                Enterprise
            







                Carrier
            







                Join Us
            




















Connect With Us
























































































Copyright © 1998-2023 Huawei Device Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.











                        Site Map
                    







                        Terms Of Use
                    







                        Privacy Statement
                    







                        Cookies
                    







                        Legal
                    














Global - English
















































Leaving consumer.huawei.com


After clicking the link, you will enter a third-party website. Huawei is not responsible and has no control over this third party website.










Return


Continue



































































