The World’s First Gaming Ultrabook Just Got Better
ULTRAPORTABLE BEAST
Enter the next evolution of ultra-mobility and extreme performance. Utilizing the latest and greatest 11th gen Intel
®
 Core™ i7 processor at 28W and a powerful GeForce
®
 GTX 1650 Ti, you’ll rip through games and content creation tasks. Featuring the world’s fastest 13.3” 120Hz Full HD display for buttery smooth visuals or an all new OLED touch display - the Razer Blade Stealth 13 combines portability and style, with performance that’s perfect for gaming and productivity.

Produce Like a Pro
For a limited time get a one-year license of FL Studio Producer Edition with the purchase of any 
Razer gaming laptop

PROMO CODE: 
GETFLSTUDIO
*Terms & Conditions apply
Learn More

Performance on the Move
POWERING MOBILTY
Experience unrivaled performance with the latest and greatest 11th Gen Intel
®
 Core™ i7 Processors for gamers and creators alike. With a base clock speed of 2.8GHz and 4.7GHz Turbo Boost, the Razer Blade Stealth 13 is powerful enough to cut through the most demanding tasks, while boasting vital features like Thunderbolt™ 4 technology and Wi-Fi 6.

GeForce
®
 GTX 1650 Ti
TRUE GAMING PERFORMANCE
Get true mobile gaming performance in the ultimate thin and light form factor with an NVIDIA
®
 GeForce
®
 GTX 1650 Ti. Experience superior graphical fidelity as you play the latest and most popular games with settings that'll blow you away, anywhere you are.

World’s Fastest 13.3” Display
THE SPEED YOU NEED
Feast your eyes. The all-new thin bezel Full HD matte display features the world’s fastest 13.3-inch 120Hz refresh rate panel with 100% sRGB. This enables you to see faster and react faster, with extremely smooth visuals that push you to play at your peak performance.

OLED Touch Display
VISUALLY STUNNING
With the OLED touch display option, you’ll experience better contrast, deeper blacks and even higher viewing angles. The display also features 100% DCI-P3 compatible colors that produce images with cinematic clarity and color accuracy, while its touchscreen capability provides intuitive control for greater productivity.

Battle Ready
ULTRATHIN AND ULTRALIGHT
The Razer Blade Stealth 13 remains the most portable gaming laptop out there. Its unibody frame is fortified using precision CNC-machining of high-grade aluminum, and the stealth black color is anodized into the aluminum at a sub-molecular level for maximum durability. The design features a tone-on-tone Razer logo for a sleek appearance.

A World of Color at Your Fingertips
RAZER CHROMA™
With 16.8 million colors and a host of effects, personalize its lighting and watch it dynamically react with over 150 Chroma-integrated games. It includes a precision glass touchpad for accurate control.

Immersive THX
®
 Audio
4X SPEAKERS + SMART AMP
The four stereo speakers and smart amplifier provide greater audio boost and clarity. THX
®
 Spatial Audio delivers advanced 7.1 surround sound with pinpoint positional accuracy to make your movies, video games, and music come alive with a more detailed and realistic soundscape.

Connect
FULL I/O
Stay equipped with a full array of connectivity including Thunderbolt™ 4, USB-A, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.1, and HD webcam utilizing Windows Hello, allowing you to connect faster for total adaptability.

Desktop Meets Laptop
EXTERNAL GRAPHICS READY
Connect the Razer Blade Stealth 13 laptop to the Razer Core X external graphics to experience a surge in graphic performance for desktop-grade gaming and advanced creative production.