Powerfully Sharp

6 Things to Love

2K FullView Display

Super Device

Slim and Sleek Metal Body

11th Gen Intel® Core™ Processor

HUAWEI Shark fin Fan

56 Wh Battery Life

Get Ready for a Stunning Display

Take a Fresh View

The 2K FullView display on HUAWEI MateBook 14 truly delivers a feast for your eyes. The 90% screen-to-body ratio and 3:2 aspect ratio push the limits to reveal more. Images are rendered in accurate, vivid detail thanks to the 100% sRGB colour gamut. And with flicker eliminated and blue light reduced, your eyes will stay fresh even after long hours of use.

Not Just For Your Lap

HUAWEI MateBook 14 is a laptop designed for the go. The precision craftsmanship shines through both the sleek, elegant appearance and the solid metal build. Weighing just 1.49 kg, and 15.9 mm thin, it's ideal for zipping off for the weekend or taking on that next business trip.

Gear up for More Power

Smoothly Does it

The 11th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-1165G7 processor takes the power and performance of HUAWEI MateBook 14 to a new level. The advanced 10 nm SuperFin CPU boosts multi-core performance by up to 33%. And the integrated Iris® Xe Graphics allows for a smoother experience, even when multitasking.

It's All Cool

The HUAWEI Shark fin cooling fans and dual heat-pipe design boosts heat dissipation performance by up to 50%. All this while maintaining super-low noise levels, to ensure you never lose your cool too.

Super Device

Super Creativity

Come Together as One

Super Device facilitates seamless cross-device collaboration, allowing a vast array of smart devices to function as one cohesive unit. To form a Super Device, open the control center on your laptop, access the Super Device screen, and drag to connect the devices.

Phone Collaboration

Open More Windows

See an exact UI of your phone screen viewable on the MateBook screen. Open and use up to 3 phone app windows simultaneously, and achieve incredible levels of multitasking.

Easy File Access

Back-up your phone files to MateBook easily using drag-and-drop. Edit them with the keyboard and mouse, with all changes saved automatically to your phone, ready to instantly send out to your contacts.

Convenient Calls

Don't be dragged away from what you're working on. Take video calls on your phone seamlessly through the MateBook screen, so you can always stay focused on the task at hand.

Multi-Device Files

Transfer files between the laptop and connected devices in literally the blink of an eye.

AI Search

Search for and find files and images on a connected device, directly from the device on hand.

Partner up with Other Devices

HUAWEI MatePad

Boost Efficiency with an Extra Screen

HUAWEI MateView

Wireless Projection without Losing Resolution

HUAWEI Vision

Screensharing Makes Smooth Presentation

Pop-up Pairing, Instant Connections

Devices such as earphones, speakers, mouses, keyboards, and printers are detected as soon as they are placed close to the computer. Automatic pop-ups facilitate blazing-fast connections.

Tap into New Connections

Tap your phone to the touchpad and you'll see your phone's screen immediately pop up on the HUAWEI MateBook 14 screen via Huawei Share. Great for video calls, multitasking with up to 3 phone app windows, and fast drag-and-drop file transfers.

One Charger to Charge Them All

The large 56 Wh battery inside HUAWEI MateBook 14 lets you play local Full HD video for up to 11 hours. And with just a 15-minute charge, you'll get a cool 2.5 hours of use. The compact-yet-powerful 65 W charger can be used to charge USB-C compatible devices anywhere you go.

Let Music Inspire You

HUAWEI MateBook 14 packs some cool audio tech, so it really delivers an amazing surround-sound effect, while ensuring audio distortion is kept to a minimum. Play around with the built-in sound effects and audio modes for sound that suits your ears.

Proud of its Ports

Despite its slim appearance, HUAWEI MateBook 14 has the ports you're looking for. You can connect your earphones, external hard drive, you name it. And thanks to the reverse charging technology, you can charge your phone through the MateBook, even when it's powered off.

Bring on Innovation

Fingerprint Access

With Fingerprint Power Button, you can power HUAWEI MateBook 14 on and get access in just one step. Simple, fast and secure.

Recessed Camera

To protect your privacy, the camera is innovatively positioned in a button at the top of the keyboard, and only comes out when you press it.

Wi-Fi