Achedaway Cupper
Cupping Therapy Game Changer
Realise Your Body’s Potential
Accelerate your healing with dynamic cupping. Rhythmic alternations between release and suction enhance blood circulation to the treated area to more speed up cell recovery, relieve pain, enhance pain free mobility over standard cuppers.
Select Your Perfect Treatment
The Achedaway app enables you to sit back and easily select your treatment based on your personal sensitivity and unique goal with 5 intensities and 5 specialised suction modes. Hijama cupping therapy has never been so easy. Control up to 6 cuppers from your app simultaneously.
Recover Faster
Speed up your recovery by giving your cells and muscles an energy surge with powerful red light therapy. It’s an effective method to maximise muscle relaxation and pain relief whilst reducing inflammation.
Your Skin Rejuvenated
Get your skin looking softer and clearer and reduce the appearance of cellulite. Red light therapy and dynamic suction work in tandem to enhance blood flow and re-energise your cells making your skin glow.
Who Needs An Achedaway Cupper?
They cupper is great for decompressing sore areas and releasing trigger points. Perfect for athletes to enhance athletic recovery and reduce stiffness or to relieve pain and enhance mobility for everyday users. Suction cup therapy is also superb for cellulite reduction and improving skin health.
Physiotherapists love the effectiveness and ease of use allowing them to improve client outcomes.
Treat Any Muscle
3 Sized Cupper Attachments
Back & Neck
Great at decompressing the upper, lower and mid back where nerve entrapment often occur. Relax and relieve tired necks which often gather stress.
Arms & Shoulders
Unlock pain around the forearms, elbow and upper arm which can weaken or suffer from overuse. Attach to your shoulder to help reduce pain and unlock mobility.
Hips & Legs
Treat the entire leg from the achilles, to the knee and your quads. Easily treat the muscles around the hips including the glutes and hip flexors which are often the focal point of poor posture.
Hands & Feet
Our hands and feet carry more nerves and therefore more stress than other areas. Treat plantar fascia pain and relieve aching hands so you can carry on doing what you love.
Why We made the Cupper
Tech Specs
In The Box
Warranty
Our mission is to unlock your body performance. The Achedaway Cupper is designed to offer more effective and practical cupping therapy treatment. Our smart cupping device allows you to quickly set-up and customise your treatment safely with no flame, heat or danger with faster recovery.
Weight:
0.44 Ibs / 200g
Dimensions:
3.7×3.7×2.83 inches
Battery Life:
3 Hours
Suction Intensity:
-60~0 kPa
Charging Time:
2.5 Hours
Wavelength:
630-670nm
1 × Cupper
3 × Cupper attachments (1 big, 1 medium, 1 small)
3 × Filter cotton
1 × Lanyard
1 × USB-C charging cable
1 × User manual
Warranty
Achedaway products are manufactured with high-quality parts designed to last. If any malfunctions occur, your limited warranty covers:
• ACHEDAWAY Device & Motor – 2 years
• ACHEDAWAY Lithium-ion batteries – 6 months
• ACHEDAWAY Massage Attachments – 90 days
If the product fails due to defects in materials or design process within one year, the company will repair or replace parts or replace new products for free, except in the following cases:
1. Improper human use or damage to the equipment caused by transportation.
2. Unauthorized disassembly and repair of this equipment.
3. Failure to follow the instructions.
4. The product is damaged due to the abnormal storage or maintenance environment of the customer.
5. If the proof of purchase date is not provided, the company will have the right to refuse the warranty.