Powerful massage gun with a newly designed slim handle for daily and professional relief of your muscles, with 4 massage attachments.

Product Features

Double-bearing Rotating Structure

The massage gun is equipped with a 24V high-power brushless motor, and double-bearing rotating structure. The 3200 rpm high-speed percussion can stimulate muscle groups up to 10 mm depth to quickly neutralize your lactic acid after exercise and relax your body.

Three Speed Modes

Based on multiple needs of muscle groups, the massage gun has three speed modes ranging between 1800-3200rpm, so you can always find the most suitable strength for your body.

Durable Battery Life

The SlimChic uses a 1600mAh long-life lithium battery. It lasts seven hours on speed one for ongoing daily relaxation.

Easy Treatment Anytime, Anywhere

When designing the SlimChic, we adapted a high-performance brushless motor to fit within a super compact design. This lightweight massage gun strikes a never-before-seen balance between power and size, making it the ideal convenient option for getting quality relief on the go.

One-Button Control

The one-piece T-shaped structure, combined with the top anti-collision design, brings a rounded and elegant appearance. And the ergonomic handle provides a comfortable and firm grip within one hand.

FAQ

User's Guide

Using the SC

1. To turn on the SC, firmly press and hold the center ON/OFF button for 2 seconds at the bottom.

2. Press and release the ON/OFF button at the bottom to switch speeds, up to speed 3.

3. Press the button at speed 3 to enter the ready mode(Speed 0). and the device will slow down from speed 3 to speed 0.

4. The SC should be used with the attachment making perpendicular contact with the skin. Only the attachment of the device should make contact with the skin or area you are treating.

5. To turn off the SC, long Press the ON/OFF button at the bottom at any mode, until the device shuts down. And it will shut down automatically without use for 15 seconds.

Connecting the Attachments

Align the attachment with the round hole in front of the massage gun and rotate the head slightly instead of plugging in. To remove, grip the attachment, rotating it out.. Pull off the attachment. U-shaped massage head is equipped with an alignment line, it can be directly plugged in/out when aligned. Please install and remove the massage head in the power-off state.

Charging

Plug the charging wire into the charge port at the bottom of the massage gun handle, and connect the power supply to start charging. Charging is complete once the three lights all light up.