Opove M3 Pro had sold more than 500,000 units all over the world since its launch. It has been widely praised by customers. M3 Pro 2 massage gun has a better performance with a favorable price.

Professional-grade Performance - 12mm amplitude precise percussion deep massaging; max 70lbs stall force, 4-8 Hours long battery life; 5 speed range max 2500 RPM(revolutions per minute).

Why don't we set a higher RPM for the M3 Pro 2 massage gun? Because high-speed percussions desensitize the skin, massage your muscle but make you feel pain. A reasonable percussion helps you solve the muscle problem and feel comfortable.

Hidden Vents - Combining the pain points of previous product which feedback from customers, we redesigned the vents. The hidden vents can allow the device to dissipate heat better and enhance the durability of the device. Meanwhile, it can also prevent customers from being disturbed by the internal mechanical smell during use.

With exquisite carrying case, it is convenient for you to store device at home, carry on travel, and prepare gift for your relatives and friends.

Guaranteed safe checkout

American Express

Apple Pay

Google Pay

Mastercard

PayPal

Shop Pay

Union Pay

Visa

Satisfaction Guarantee

30-Day Money-back Guarantee

Hassle-free Warranty

On Every Opove Product

Free Shipping

Get relief fast with free US shipping on all orders

Best massage gun for desk-bound pains: Opove Massage Gun.

Men’s Health Editors’ Pick

The no-nonsense M3 Pro Max felt powerful and gave us a deep, satisfying massage.

Wirecutter

I'd highly recommend the Opove M3 to athletes, people that prefer a stronger touch, or anyone that would benefit from an extra powerful rehabilitation tool.

iMore

This is a very affordable massager, but with the power of a much more expensive device.

Handheld Massager Guide

Maximize Your Gains with Opove M3 Pro

High-precision Structure

The high-precision structure will not deviate from the pressure point during a massage, making the massage more comfortable and efficient.

Quiet and Powerful

Opove motor delivers deep muscle treatment within a slim frame—and hardly any sound.

Easy to carry

Take it with you. At work or working from home, at the gym, or trailside on your run, Opove helps you move better and do more.

5-Speeds for your needs

For accelerated warm-up. Reducing muscle soreness and stiffness. Enhancing muscle performance and Deep reaching precision massage. Different modes deliver what your body needs.

Opove M3 Pro

What’s Included

OPOVE M3 Pro

The actual device

Protective Carrying Case

Stay organized

6 Massage Heads

The right heads for all your needs

Battery Charger

To keep your device charged nomatter where you are

Product Manual

Get started easily