Whether you're looking for powerful, effective pain relief or reduced soreness and tightness, Theragun Prime helps you recover from your daily grind and maintain your body’s peak performance. Prime delivers scientifically-proven deep muscle percussive massage therapy in an easy-to-use, durable design.

Relieve pain and soreness
Reduce tightness and tension
Accelerate recovery
Improve circulation and flexibility
Maximize warm-up

Powerful 16mm percussive massage therapy scientifically proven to relieve aches and pains, reduce tightness and improve recovery
Simple, easy-to-use controls
Durable, high quality materials that withstand the rigors of daily use
Up to 30 lbs. of no-stall force with proprietary brushless motor
Tailored treatments with 5 speeds and LED indicators to manage massage speed
Patented triangle grip to reach more of your body than other devices
4 scientifically designed attachments to target different areas: Dampener, Standard Ball, Thumb, Micro-point
Bluetooth connected to the Therabody app for step-by-step guided routines

Theragun Prime’s deep muscle massage is scientifically proven to relieve pain, soreness and tightness. Choose your preferred speed + attachment and let Prime do the rest.

Theragun Prime’s 4 unique attachments are scientifically designed to target aches, pains and tension all over the body.
Loosen up tight, stiff muscles with Theragun Prime’s signature 16mm treatment depth.
Target deep-seated muscle soreness and speed up your recovery so you can get back to your daily grind ASAP.
Treat yourself to an all-over Theragun Prime massage to improve circulation and blood flow throughout the body.

Theragun Prime's patented ergonomic triangle grip allows you to reach 80% of your body with multiple hand positions. Explore how to use each grip to treat aches and pains wherever they strike.

Connect your Theragun Prime to the Therabody app to follow step-by-step guided routines, control device speed and more.

Dampener
Micro-point
Standard Ball
Thumb

Theragun Prime device
4 massage attachments: Dampener, Standard Ball, Thumb, Micro-point
USB-C charging cable
Travel case

Dimensions: 8.79 in x 8.25 in x 2.9 in
Weight: 2.1 lbs
Battery Life: 120 minutes
Battery Type: Lithium-ion
Warranty: 1-year warranty

To turn on, firmly press and hold the center button on the button pad.
Press the up and down buttons on the button pad to increase or decrease speed.
To turn off, firmly press and hold the center button on the button pad until the device shuts off.
Align the attachment with the tip of the arm and push to connect. To remove, grip the attachment by placing one finger on each side of the plastic connector. Pull off the attachment while the device is off.