The Einhell machine set (tool) TE-TK 18/2 Li Kit (CD+AG) offers basic tools – always at hand. The powerful Power X-Change machine set consists of cordless drill/driver and cordless angle grinder. It allows cordless freedom and is essential for many DIY tasks in the home, workshop or garage. A lot of basic work can be done with it. The cordless drill/driver TE-CD 18/40 Li is equipped with a powerful motor and high-quality 2-speed metal gearbox. The single-sleeved quick-action chuck has a quick-stop function. The torque-slip clutch allows sensitive work especially at low speeds and in soft materials. The TC-AG 18/115 Li cordless angle grinder has a robust aluminium gearbox housing. It is equipped with soft start and restart protection for increased user safety. A modified air duct provides better cooling and thus ensures longevity. The tool set is stored safely and gently in the practical transport and storage bag Einhell Bag. The equipment includes not only the 4.0 Ah PXC battery and the fast charger, but also grinding wheel, cutting wheel, cutting protection, bits and bit holder. Ready for every application Large range of accessories included The Einhell TE-TK 18/2 Li Kit (CD+AG) includes the TE-CD 18/40 Li cordless drill/driver and the TC-AG 18/115 Li cordless angle grinder. A 4.0 Ah Power X-Change battery and a 3A charger are also supplied for operation. In addition to the Einhell bag, the following accessories are included: 1x cutting wheel guard, 1x cutting wheel (115 x 1.2 mm), 1x disc grinding wheel (115 mm), 1x bit box (8x bits and 1x bit holder). Heavy duty 13 mm chuck Finely adjustable in 21 torque settings, the single-sleeved 13 mm chuck quickly and easily accommodates the desired tool accessories. High-quality metal gearbox The gearbox is made of high-quality, robust metal, which ensures efficient power transmission and a long service life. The lightest in its class The cordless angle grinder is a real lightweight – this is also thanks to its lightweight yet robust aluminium gearbox housing. Ready for every application The additional handle with softgrip can be mounted in three different positions and enables flexible working options. Einhell cordless drill TE-CD 18/40 Li The Einhell cordless drill/driver TE-CD 18/40 Li has a powerful 2-speed gearbox with 40 Nm torque for powerful drilling and screwing. The speed electronics with 21 torque levels ensure material-specific work. The quick stop function prevents unwanted follow-on. Einhell cordless angle grinder TC-AG 18/115 Li The Einhell cordless angle grinder TC-AG 18/115 Li can be used with cutting discs up to 115 mm diameter and cuts up to 28 mm deep. The soft start protects the motor and battery from high loads when switching on, while the restart protection prevents unintentional starting.