Braun FaceSpa 851V 3-in-1 facial epilating, cleansing & vitalization system with 5 extras.

World‘s first facial epilator & cleansing brush system. Treat your face to flawless radiance.

Highlights
Slim epilator head for ultimate precision
The sleek and compact design of the Braun Face lets you handle it like a mascara for absolute control and precision. It removes hairs from the root for up to 4 weeks of hairfree skin.
Slim epilator head
Sonic facial brush
Cleanse your skin pore deep with the facial brush. Gently restore amazing purity and glow of your facial skin by removing make-up and impurities, 6x better than by hand. Braun Face not only refreshes the glow and radiance of your facial skin. It also helps your creams and moisturizers to work better.
Facial brush head for Braun Face facial epilator
Refines and exfoliates with hundreds of micro-oscillations
The Braun Face cleansing brush works six times better than a manual cleanse, and gently exfoliates and refines your skin thanks to hundreds of micro-oscillations.
Facial cleansing brush
Features
Wet & Dry. Make pore deep cleansing part of your shower routine
Because the Braun Face brush is 100% waterproof, you can make gentle and thorough cleansing a natural part of your shower routine. It has been tested with dermatologists and is suitable for daily use, even on sensitive skin.
Wet & Dry
Replaceable battery
Replaceable battery 
Protective cap color
Bronze
Pouch
White
Lighted mirror
Attachments
Cleanse your skin pore deep
Gently restore amazing purity and glow of your facial skin by removing make-up and impurities, 6x better than by hand. Braun Face not only refreshes the glow and radiance of your facial skin. It also helps your creams and moisturizers to work better.
Cleanse your skin pore deep
Skin vitalizing pad for facial massage
The skin vitalizing pad gives gentle facial massage to stimulate the blood circulation, and helps to improve skin appearance. Together with the gentle peeling it helps for smoother and younger-looking skin after just 3 treatments.
Skin vitalizing pad for facial massage
What's in the box
Braun FaceSpa facial epilator 
Braun FaceSpa facial epilator
 Skin vitalizing pad for Braun Face facial epilator 
Skin vitalizing pad
Cleaning brush for Braun Face facial epilator
FaceSpa cleansing brush
Cleaning brush
Cleaning brush
Braun Face protection cap
Protective cap bronze
Battery
Battery
Lighted mirror
Lighted mirror
Zipper pouch
Pouch
Maintenance
Replace your brush every three months for skin that feels like new
Your precious skin deserves the best possible treatment. So we recommend replacing the brush with a new one every three months to restore performance. 
Find the right brush

Replacement parts
Find Braun FaceSpa 851V replacement parts.

Use instructions
Download Braun FaceSpa 851V use instructions (PDF)