Unparalleled cleansing experience.

The most hygienic way to cleanse your skin. 2-in-1 cleansing and firming. Perfectly tailored to your skin. The iconic LUNA™ 3 is clinically proven to remove 99.5% of dirt and oil from your skin. Made of velvety soft silicone that is bacteria-resistant, and 35x more hygienic than nylon brushes. It's the most gentle and hygienic facial cleansing device ever.

Flip your LUNA™ 3 over to transform it into a firming massage device, that pushes active ingredients from your skincare deep into your skin - where they work best.

Micro-foam cleanser

Lighter than air. For a soft, gentle cleanse. Wash away your day with this gentle foaming cleanser. Formulated with skin-replenishing amino acids and vitamin E to help retain moisture. Skin is left soft, naturally radiant and healthy-looking. Vegan, cruelty-free, fragrance-free, dermatologist tested, and for all skin types.

Real results

Deep cleanse

LUNA™ 3 removes up to 99.5% of dirt, oil and makeup residue – making it much more effective than cleansing by hands alone. The T-Sonic™ pulsations temporarily dilate pores to remove impurities deep within – reducing chances of a breakout, and leaving you fresh-faced.

Firm & toned

Low-frequency pulsations help relax facial muscle tension points, and smooth the appearance of fine lines for a firmer complexion. 94% of users report more toned skin, and 100% say their skin feels more refreshed after use.

Silky softness

Unlike nylon bristles, LUNA™ 3's ultra-soft silicone touchpoints gently exfoliate dead skin cells, while remaining non-abrasive on skin. 98% of users report smoother and softer-feeling skin after use.

Healthy glow

T-Sonic™ pulsations gently massage the face to boost microcirculation. This delivers essential oxygen and nutrients to skin cells, while eliminating toxins – resulting in a brighter, healthier complexion. 100% of users report their skin is more radiant, with 98% claiming their skin looks brighter and healthier after use.

Flawless prep

The best way to prep your skin – for a more effective skincare routine. LUNA 3™ enables the active ingredients in your creams, serums and masks to penetrate deep into your skin, where they work best. 98% of users experience better absorption of skincare products after use.

Tailored to every skin type

Choose your LUNA™ 3 by your skin type: normal, combination or sensitive. Each can be further personalized in the FOREO app, by choosing from a selection of intensities and targeted firming massage routines.