Meet the intelligent flat iron that does damage control. Featuring first-of-its-kind heat personalization, T3 Smooth ID shields your hair from excess heat exposure—without compromising results. Powered by T3 HeatID technology, a smart algorithm adjusts heat to your unique profile based on your hair texture, length, and color treatments. The result? A smooth, shiny finish with less damage.

T3 Heat°ID
Automatically adjusts to your hair's needs, protecting against overexposure to unnecessary heat.

T3 Rapid HeatIQ®
Ensures advanced heat precision for beautiful results in just one pass.

9 Precise Heat Settings
Deliver precise heat for every hair type and texture.

Ion Generator
Minimizes static frizz, boosts shine, and locks in style.

Refresh Mode
Reduces heat levels to retouch and smooth previously styled hair with less heat exposure.

CeraGloss™ Ceramic Plates
For shiny, frizz-free and long-lasting styles.

Welcome to T3 HeatID Technology

Rapid HeatIQ® Technology

We take heat personally

Powered by T3 Heat ID technology, a smart-touch interface and 9 digital temperature settings intelligently adjust to your unique profile, for heat that’s tailored to your one-of-a-kind hair.

Built-in damage control

Enter your hair texture, length, and color-treatment inputs, and T3 Smooth ID will personalize your heat setting to protect against damage without sacrificing softness or shine.

Guilt-free second-day styling

Refresh Mode pairs a reduced temperature setting with powerful negative ions for gentle touch-ups on day two (or three, or four).

Additional Features

9 Heat Settings
Deliver precise heat for every hair type and texture.

CeraGloss™ Ceramic Plates
For shiny, frizz-free and long-lasting styles.

Ion Generator
Minimizes static frizz, boosts shine, and locks in style.

Thermatouch® Technology
Superior insulation offers greater comfort and control during styling.

StyleEdge Design
Straightens, waves or curls in a smooth, snag-free glide.

PrecisionControl Hinge
Delivers optimal arm tension and plate pressure for increased styling control.

Longer Plates
Cover a wider surface of hair for fast styling.

Touch Interface
For easy and intuitive setting selection.