





































HUAWEI MatePad Pro 13.2'' - HUAWEI Global


























































































HUAWEI MatePad Pro 13.2"









                We use cookies to improve our site and your experience. By continuing to browse our site you accept our cookie policy.
 Find out more




























For a better user experience, please use the latest version of Internet Explorer or switch to another browser.
            



































            Consumer 










Close









                                Consumer




Smartphones, Laptops & Tablets, Wearables and More







                                Corporate




About Huawei, Press&Event, and More







                                Enterprise




Products, Solutions and Services for Enterprise







                                Carrier




Products, Solutions and Services for Carrier
































Smartphone






PC






Tablet






Wearable






Audio






Vision






Router






HUAWEI Mobile Services














Support






Community






Business
















Search










Open menu


















Close










search








Search










Close













                                Popular Products
                            





















                                               HUAWEI MatePad Pro 13.2-inch
                                            





















                                               HUAWEI WATCH GT 4
                                            





















                                               HUAWEI Mate X3
                                            















                                Quick View
                            






Smartphone






PC






Tablet






Wearable






Audio






Router






HUAWEI Mobile Services















                enter more search keys
            














Africa


Asia Pacific


Europe


Latin America


Middle East


North America


Global



















































































                                HUAWEI MatePad Pro 13.2-inch
                                
                            

















































                                Features
                            







                                Specifications
                            







                                Product Support
                            











































                            Features
                        







                            Specifications
                        







                            Product Support
                        


























































Creation of Beauty




13.2-inch  Flexible OLED Display
1
 | M-Pencil Powered by NearLink
2
 |
 Ultimate Audiovisual Experience | Pro-level Productivity




Watch the Video
























































13.2-inch
1
 Flexible OLED Display


94% sky-high screen-to-body ratio
3
, crystal-clear vast display




















13.2-inch
1
 Flexible OLED Display


94% sky-high screen-to-body ratio
3
, crystal-clear vast display






































Perfect in Your Palm


5.5 mm
4
 and 580 g
5
 sleek body, easy grip with three fingers




































Ultimate Audiovisual 
Experience


Groundbreaking 
multi-driver array speaker setup




































Pro-level 
Productivity


Full-Size Keyboard with Touchpad, All-new Multi-⁠Window




































Standout
Performance


88 W HUAWEI 
SuperCharge,
8
 
innovative antenna array




































M-Pencil Powered 
by NearLink
2


The first tablet stylus
6
 ever to support 10,000+ pressure sensing levels
7
















































Screen


What a 
Masterpiece


















13.2-inch Flexible OLED Vast Display 
A Colourful World Awaits




This 13.2-inch flexible OLED screen
1
 is specially made to marvel at, with its 94% screen-to-body ratio
3
 and 3:2 productivity ratio. 
Brand-new HUAWEI X-True™ Display capabilities enhance brightness contrasts, so that each film scene is a spectacle of sight and sound.






3:2


aspect ratio






94
%


screen-to-body ratio
























2880 × 1920


2.8K resolution






10 
bits


colour depth






1000 
nits


peak brightness
9






1,000,000:1


contrast ratio






ΔE < 1


colour accuracy
10






P3


wide colour gamut


















An Eye-Opener 
and Eye-Soother


Get more at a glance and go easy on your eyes, with glare and reflection-resistant capabilities, like magnetron nano-optics coating — such a great view received TÜV Rheinland's Full Care Display 3.0 Certification. The Natural Light Sensing Display technology shows distinct contrast and crystal clear details in different lights.




























































Anti-reflection magnetron 
nano-optics coating


Stays clear in strong daylight
















Universal Colour Consistency
11
 |
P3 wide colour gamut wireless projection
12




Uncompromising colours on every screen


























TÜV Rheinland Eye Comfort 3.0
13


Tried-and-tested eye comfort










































Design


Perfect in Your Palm


















Fresh New Colours






























































Elegant and pure.


Exudes classic and eternal grace.


























































Green


Golden Black




















Portable as Ever





                            Travel light and in style, with this gracefully curved tablet. High-strength glass fibre keeps scratches and smudges at bay, and exudes subtle flow of metallic sheen.
                        






5.5 
mm


ultra-thin
4






580 
g


lightweight
5






















































Stylus


HUAWEI M-Pencil 
(3
rd
 generation)
 NearLink Stylus


















10,000+ Pressure 
Sensing Levels
7


HUAWEI M-Pencil (3
rd
 generation)
6
 is the first tablet stylus to support 10,000+ pressure sensing levels,
7
 making it more touch-responsive than you might have believed possible. NearLink short-haul wireless technology
2
 boosts the signal, to limit latency and interference.


Learn more about HUAWEI M-Pencil (3
rd
 generation)




































Instant Shape, 
Instant Inspiration


Stay ready whenever inspiration strikes, with HUAWEI Notes, and enjoy easy graph drawing, thanks to free shape adjustments and real-time angle display provided by Instant Shape. Then share your work in its original hinote format to create and collaborate with newfound ease.
14




















Watch the video






















































































































































Follow your heart to record almost all amazing things at your fingertips, such as a reading note, manuscript, or week plan.




















Power of a Pen


Sketch down to the last detail, and craft your next masterpiece onscreen, with a 10,000+ pressure sensing level stylus.
7


















































































Productivity


Kicks Things 
Up a Notch


















Floating Windows, 
Faster Work


Stackable, movable, and zoomable floating windows comes with three different window sizes for you to choose from, to make multi-tasking easier than ever. Home screen widgets ensure that your most important tasks are just a tap away.
15


























PC-level Productivity


PC-level WPS Office brings the familiar laptop interface and layout onto a tablet screen, so that you can get more done on-the-go.
16










































































Learn More




























Full-Size Keyboard 
with a Large Touchpad




The all-new detachable keyboard supports three distinct forms. Attach the keyboard to make it a laptop, and adjust the angle to suit your needs, or prop up the tablet to view and sketch to your heart's content.


Learn more about HUAWEI Smart Magnetic Keyboard >






































Laptop Form








Split Form








Studio Form







                                    The full-sized keyboard looks and feels like that on a PC, and offers a wide array of gesture controls for added convenience.
17




















Explore more keyboard functions
















































Large full-area touchpad
















MagLink connectivity
















Detachable design and flexible forms


























































































Put Comments 
Front and Centre


Share your tablet screen, and turn your M-⁠Pencil into a laser pointer or whiteboard pen with Show Comments, to highlight key points and annotate at will, and make them display on screen in real time.
18


























Seamless Multi-Device 
Collaboration




























SuperHub
19





                                Drag any text, images, audio and video files to SuperHub at will, and simply paste, transfer, and share them to your connected devices in batches with remarkable ease.
                            
























Mirror mode
Turn Your Tablet into a Sketchpad





                                Mirror the PC screen on your HUAWEI MatePad Pro,
20
 and doodle across it with the benefit of the nimble, touch-responsive stylus.
























Extend mode 
Double Down on Efficiency




Create a second screen for your PC,
21
 to search while editing, conference while researching, or multi-task in any other way that suits your needs.
























Collaborate mode 
Cross-System File Transfers




Under Collaborate mode,
22
 your PC and tablet each run on their own, with the PC's keyboard and mouse available to both devices. Working with tablet's automatic recognition of PC position,
23
 content on either screen can simply be dragged to the other device, so that you can share and stay productive with newfound ease.
24












































































































Performance


Standout 
Performance


















Stunning 
HUAWEI SOUND™


HUAWEI SOUND™ immerses you in a listening experience unlike any other, thanks to its unmatched multi-driver speaker array and stereo sound field.


























First tablet model to obtain
25














Five-Star Certification


from Switzerland SGS






















Astounding 
Antennae


Enjoy blazing-fast Wi-Fi that breaks through walls and bolsters downloads and 360° stable connection, with cutting-edge multi-mode converged high-efficiency antenna technology, mode discrete antenna technology, and a surround antenna layout.








































Charges Fast, Drains Slow


88 W HUAWEI SuperCharge Turbo mode, most powerful tablet fast-charging solution yet,
26
 takes the battery to 85% in just 40 minutes, and all the way to 100% in 65 minutes.
8
 And with a massive 10,100 mAh battery you won't even need it much.
27






























Exude Your Charm


Shoot and record on command, with the tablet's powerful 16 MP front camera, and stay in the centre of the screen with the handy FollowCam
28
 feature. The AOD
29
 screen will even turn on when it detects your presence, thanks to the proximity-sensing ToF camera.








































The screen measures 13.2 diagonally across, assuming a standard rectangle. The actual display area may be smaller than the stated value, due to the presence of rounded corners.


NearLink refers to NearLink short-haul wireless technology used to carry data interactions in application scenarios such as smart devices, smart homes, smart vehicles, and smart manufacturing. Only certain tablet models can be connected to the HUAWEI M-Pencil (3
rd
 generation) via NearLink. Actual usage shall prevail.


Data comes from Huawei labs. The screen-to-body ratio is calculated by dividing the active area by the touch panel area. Actual screen-to-body ratio may vary.


Data comes from Huawei labs. Actual thickness may vary depending on the product specifications, manufacturing process, and measurement method.


Data comes from Huawei labs. Actual weight may vary depending on the product specifications, manufacturing process, and measurement method.


The stylus is not standard configuration and needs to be purchased separately.


The HUAWEI M-Pencil (3
rd
 generation) is the first tablet stylus to support 10,000+ pressure sensing levels. It only supports 16,384 pressure sensing levels in certain apps when connected to the HUAWEI MatePad Pro 13.2-inch. Actual effects may vary depending on the app and handwriting format.


88 W HUAWEI SuperCharge Turbo is only supported by official HUAWEI SuperCharge chargers. Charging data comes from Huawei labs, and may vary depending on actual conditions and country and region.


Typical value. The peak brightness can reach 1000 nits when certain HDR content is displayed.


ΔE < 1 is a typical value of the average colour accuracy before delivery. Data comes from Huawei labs.


Actual experience may vary slightly depending on the app, screen settings, usage habits, environment, and other factors. This feature is only supported on certain Huawei device models. For details about the latest supported models, please visit the official website or contact Huawei customer service.


When a Huawei phone screen that supports this feature is projected to the tablet screen via Multi-Screen Collaboration, the colour display of the phone screen projection window on the tablet will be the same as that on the phone and the tablet. For details about the latest supported models, please visit the official website or contact Huawei customer service.


This product has obtained the TÜV Rheinland Full Care Display 3.0 Certification. Full Care Display 3.0 is TÜV Rheinland's most comprehensive certification standard for mobile smart devices. Compared with the 2.0 standard, the 3.0 standard enhances pixel density, colour accuracy, gamma, and flicker, to ensure that the evaluation of these indicators more closely tracks the visual attributes of the human eye. In addition, a natural light adaptation and ambient light contrast standard have been added, placing a higher standard on device visual performance across different lighting environments. This product is not a medical device, and should not be used for treatment purposes.


This feature is only supported on certain Huawei tablets running HarmonyOS 4 or later. Actual usage shall prevail.


This feature is only available in specific apps. Actual adaptation shall prevail.


This feature is only available in specific country and region. Supported features may change without notice due to changes to partnerships, authorizations, commercial conditions, and technical considerations.


The keyboard is not standard configuration and needs to be purchased separately.


This feature is only supported on certain Huawei tablets running HarmonyOS 4 or later.


This feature is only supported on certain Huawei PCs running PC Manager 13.0.3 or later, and certain Huawei phones running EMUI 13.1 or later, and tablets running HarmonyOS 3 or later. Both devices must be logged in to the same HUAWEI ID, with Bluetooth and Wi-Fi enabled. Only certain apps, text and images adapt to this feature. Actual experience shall prevail.


This feature is only supported on certain Huawei tablets running HarmonyOS 2 or later, and certain Huawei PCs running PC Manager 11.1 or later. If you have any questions about the overall experience, usage restrictions, or models supported by this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline. Under this mode, the resolution on your PC or tablet will adjust automatically to ensure optimal display effects.


This feature is only supported on certain Huawei tablets running HarmonyOS 2 or later, and certain Huawei PCs running PC Manager 11.1 or later. If you have any questions about the overall experience, usage restrictions, or models supported by this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline.


App windows (video player, web page, etc.) cannot be dragged. Content that can be dragged from the tablet includes files in File manager, videos and pictures in Gallery, and text in certain types of documents. Actual usage shall prevail.


Only capable of recognising the left and right directions. The first PC model to support this feature is the HUAWEI MateBook 16. More models will support this feature in the future. If you have any questions about the overall experience, usage restrictions, or models supported by this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service hotline.


Only capable of recognising the left and right directions. If you have any questions about the overall experience, usage restrictions, or models supported by this feature, please contact your local Huawei customer service.


At the time of its release, the HUAWEI MatePad Pro 13.2-inch was the first tablet model to obtain the Switzerland SGS Five-Star Certification for tablet audio performance.


At the time of its release, the charging power and charging speed of HUAWEI MatePad Pro 13.2-inch SuperCharge Turbo with the original 88 W adapter were the highest in the tablet industry.


Dual-cell design is adopted. It has a typical capacity of 5050 mAh (7.7 V), which is equivalent to 10,100 mAh (3.85 V), and a typical power of 38.89 Wh. It has a rated capacity of 5000 mAh (7.7 V), which is equivalent to 10,000 mAh (3.85 V), and a rated power of 38.50 Wh.


This feature is supported in certain apps and on certain Huawei tablets. It is disabled by default, and you'll need to enable it on the Settings screen.


The Always On Display (AOD) feature is disabled by default. You'll need to enable it on the Settings screen.
























































*Accessibility of some features may vary across regions. Product pictures, videos and display contents on the foregoing pages are provided for reference only. Actual product features and specifications (including but not limited to appearance, colour, and size), as well as actual display contents (including but not limited to backgrounds, UI, icons and videos) may vary.


**All data in the foregoing pages are theoretical values obtained by HUAWEI internal laboratories through tests carried out under particular conditions. For more information, refer to the aforementioned product details. Actual data may vary owing to differences in individual products, software versions, application conditions, and environmental factors. All data is subject to actual usage.


***Due to real-time changes involving product batches, production and supply factors, in order to provide accurate product information, specifications, and features, HUAWEI may make real-time adjustments to text descriptions and images in the foregoing information pages, so that they match the product performance, specifications, indexes, and components of the actual product. Product information is subject to such changes and adjustments without notice.










Home






Tablet






HUAWEI MatePad Pro 13.2"




















PRODUCTS







                Smartphone
            







                PC
            







                Tablet
            







                Wearable
            







                Audio
            







                Vision
            







                Router
            







                Accessories
            







                HarmonyOS 4
            







                EMUI
            







                Celia
            







                Business
            














MOBILE SERVICES







                AppGallery
            







                HUAWEI ID
            







                HUAWEI Mobile Cloud
            







                HUAWEI Wallet
            







                HUAWEI Music
            







                HUAWEI Video
            







                HUAWEI Themes
            







                HUAWEI Browser
            







                HUAWEI Assistant TODAY
            







                Petal Maps
            







                HUAWEI Books
            







                HUAWEI Member Center
            







                HUAWEI Health
            







                HUAWEI AI Life
            







                MeeTime
            














SUPPORT







                Find Service Center
            







                Product Environmental Information
            







                Call Us
            







                HiSuite
            







                Beta
            














ABOUT HUAWEI







                About Us
            







                News
            







                Events
            







                Sustainability
            







                Privacy
            







                Contact Us
            







                Corporate
            







                Enterprise
            







                Carrier
            







                Join Us
            




















Connect With Us
























































































Copyright © 1998-2024 Huawei Device Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.











                        Site Map
                    







                        Terms Of Use
                    







                        Privacy Statement
                    







                        Cookies
                    







                        Legal
                    














Global - English
















































Leaving consumer.huawei.com


After clicking the link, you will enter a third-party website. Huawei is not responsible and has no control over this third party website.










Return


Continue



































































