Large Quilted Sunbrella Fabric Hammock - Spectrum Sand

$329.99
Sale:
$299.99
Shipping: $20.00
Qty:

Features / Details

Hammock Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!
Durable Fabrics:
All-Weather Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.
DURACORD® Rope:
Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.
Oak Spreader Bar:
Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life.
Rolled Rim Grommets with Spur Washers:
One-of-a-kind grommet, when compared to telescoping grommets used by most of our competitors, that creates a more secure bond between fabric and ring knot.
Zinc Plated Hardware:
We plate all hanging hardware, with zinc to protect against rust and ensure an overall longer outdoor life.
Non-absorbent Padding:
Polyester fiberfill batting lines the inside of the hammock. The fiberfill is a nonabsorbent material allowing water to drain through and provide quick drying.
Handcrafted in the Carolinas:
Manufactured in the Carolinas using the finest parts and industry leading techniques.

Specs

Country of Origin
USA
Shipping
USA and Canada
Color
Spectrum Sand
Material
Top Fabric: Sunbrella Spectrum Sand
Bottom Fabric: DURACORD® Cream
Accommodates
2 people
Bed Length
6 ft. 10 in.
Width
55 in.
Length
13 ft.
Weight Capacity
450 lbs.
Hardware
Includes (2) Zinc-plated chains and (2) Tree hooks
Includes
Tree Hooks
Hanging Distance
14-16 ft.
Hanging Height
4 ft.
Care
Use Oxyclean or a Mild Detergent, Water and a Soft Scrub Brush
Warranty
1 year
Weight
14 lbs.
Size
13 ft. L x 55 in. W
Assembly Instructions

Durable Outdoor Fabrics

All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Fabric is resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.

DuraCord® Rope

Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.

Cumaru Spreader Bar

Brazilian Teak hardwood, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks.

Oak Spreader Bar

Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life.

Rolled Rim Grommets with Spur Washers

Compared to telescoping grommets used by most of our competitors, our Rolled Rim Grommets create the most secure bond between fabric and ring knot, withstanding more stress and heavier use.

Zinc Plated Hardware

We plate all hanging hardware, with zinc to protect against rust and ensure an overall longer outdoor life.

Galvanized Hardware

Galvanized steel is used for all of our hanging chains and hardware for added support and superior rust protection.

Non-absorbent Padding

Polyester fiberfill batting lines the inside of the hammock. The fiberfill is a nonabsorbent material allowing water to drain through and provide quick drying.

Handcrafted in the Carolinas

Manufactured and assembled by outdoor experts using the highest quality materials.

Description

*Stand Sold Separately.
In the Southeastern U.S., sand is to the beach kind of like what sugar is to iced tea: You don't generally find one without the other! And nothing in the world says relaxation quite the way our summertime soft-sand South Carolina beaches do.
This superbly crafted, supremely durable two-person quilted fabric hammock delivers the soul-sweet flavor of Lowcountry seaside abandon that you can drink in season after season, right there in your own back yard!
An Original Pawleys Island® Spectrum Sand Large Quilted Hammock is two layers of industry-leading all-weather, solution-dyed synthetic fabric — the top is Sunbrella® in the Spectrum Sand color, while the bottom and side-binding are DURACORD® in a solid neutral color — lockstitched over a 1-inch center of plush, resilient, nonabsorbent polyester fiberfill batting to create 18 individual pillowy cushions running the length of the hammock bed.
Durable Fabrics
Not only is the craftsmanship of our hammocks the highest level of quality, but we also