





MSI Optix MAG274QRF-QD – Accurate Display. Ultimate Victory. | IPS eSports Gaming Monitor | MSI














































































 
















 


 
































































 









































                            {{ item.title }}
                        



                            {{ item.title }}
                        








































































































{{productLine}}











                            {{data.name}}
                        














{{store.name}}

























                        {{data.name}}
                    


















































































Rapid IPS – Provides 1ms GTG fast response time, optimizes screen colors and brightness.


Quantum Dot – Provide accurate color imagery and support a cinema-standard DCI-P3 color gamut.


WQHD High Resolution – Games will look even better, displaying more details.


165Hz Refresh Rate – Respond faster with smoother frames.


1ms GTG Response Time – Eliminate screen tearing and choppy frame rates.


NVIDIA G-Sync Compatible – Prevent screen tearing or stuttering, producing ultra-smooth lag-free gameplay.


Gaming OSD App – Create the perfect viewing settings for your games.


Adjustable Stand – Easily change the position of the monitor for maximum ergonomics.


HDR Ready – Stunning visuals through contrast and shadow adjustment.


Night Vision – Smart black tuner to brighten your day by bringing out the fine details in dark areas.


Mystic Light – The ultimate gaming finish.


USB Type C – Effortlessly connect to any device.


Wide Color Gamut – Game colors and details will look more realistic and refined.








Specifications


SHOP NOW











            :
            

                :
                








Promotion


Exoprimal Game Bundle Promotion
















 
























 
























 
























Awards












MAG Series












KV












ID + Overview












Rapid IPS












4x Faster












Quantum Dot












Abundant Colors












IPS












WQHD












High Performance












G-SYNC Compatible












Gaming OSD App












USB HUB












Console Mode












Perfect Fit












Night Vision












Mystic Light












USB Type C












True Color












Game Mode












Frameless Design












178 Angle












Anti-Flicker












Less Blue Light












SPEC






















Award


Review


Publication




















 
















Conquer the Battlefield


The MAG series was born through rigorous quality testing and designed to be a symbol of sturdiness and durability. Focused on providing the best user experience, the MAG series has a simple installation process coupled with a friendly user interface making it the best choice for entry level gamers.








 














 


























Visualize your victory with MSI Optix MAG274QRF-QD eSports gaming monitor. Equipped with a 165hz Refresh rate, 1ms GTG response time panel, Optix MAG274QRF-QD will give you the competitive edge you need to take down your opponents. The WQHD (2560x1440) high resolution and the Quantum Dot technology will let you experience the mesmerizing images. Enjoy extremely smooth, tear-free gameplay with built-in NVIDIA G-Sync Compatible technology when paired with a compatible NVIDIA graphics card.














































 




















see every moment

at its clearest



Rapid IPS display provides gamers with an ultra-fast 1ms GTG response time, which will significantly reduce monitor blur occurrence. The crystal clear image will certainly give you a competitive edge for precise decisions in fast-moving games.








 


















age crossing
 
technological 

breakthrough


The liquid crystal molecules of Rapid IPS display rotate as fast as the tornado. With the speed going up to 4x faster than normal liquid crystal molecules, the response time can be shortened to 1ms GTG (gray to gray) to eliminate monitor blur and provide crystal clear images.








 




















THe World,

right in front of you


Quantum Dot technology lets you experience mesmerizing images bursting with a dazzling range of over one billion colors, each upscale to incredible clarity thanks to our intelligent processor.








 


















abundant colors

realistic images


Quantum dots are nanocrystals that are able to absorb light. When hit by light, they will give off a very precise color and provide realistic images. Enjoy every scene as if you are living in it with the most accurate color reproduction.








 




















THIS IS COLOR


Optix series gaming monitor is equipped with an IPS panel that  produces no image distortion and minimum color shifts when viewed from different angles. Additionally, the IPS panel will offer clear images and instantly optimize screen color and brightness to ensure that you enjoy every scene at its best.








 
















VIEW WIDER, FIGHT BETTER


The Optix series eSports gaming monitor feature a WQHD panel that supports resolution up to 2560x1440. This 16:9 panel allows gamers to examine bigger game scenes compared to other traditional FHD panels, and put them ahead of other competitors.






























165HZ REFRESH RATE +

1MS gtg RESPONSE TIME




Optix monitors are equipped with a 165hz refresh rate and 1ms GTG response time panel which has the most benefit in fast moving game genres such as first person shooters, fighters, racing sims, real-time strategy, and sports. These type of games require very fast and precise movements, which an ultra-high refresh rate and fast response time monitor will put you ahead of your competition.








 




















THE PERFECT REFRESH RATE


Challenge any game without screen tearing, stuttering, flicker, or artifacts. G-SYNC compatible dynamically matches the refresh rate of the display to the frame rate of the GPU.









 














Gaming OSD APP 2.0






With the Gaming OSD app it is very easy to setup your gaming monitor. Just use your Keyboard and Mouse to configure your monitor. The app even gives you hotkey options so you can switch settings between different games in a ease.
                        








Download


Quick Start
Gaming without interruption. The external Macro Key located at the lower-left corner of the monitor allows you to open the Gaming OSD App 2.0 at the touch of a finger.
















 


















USB HUB


To activate additional USB ports and allow the mouse to be available for use on
                        the GAMING OSD APP, don't forget to connect the monitor and your PC by the USB cable which you
                        can find in the product accessory box.
                        

                        Enjoy the convenience of having extra ports and intuitive adjustment of the monitor settings
                        with the mouse. 










* The exact connection ports may vary, please refer to the specification sheet. 


Learn more




 












MSI Console Mode



          For PS5, we designed an exclusive Console Mode for the consoles, which
          can automatically accept 4K signals on QHD monitor, and support HDR
          simultaneously. This gives you the best gaming experiences and allows
          you to enjoy console games even with a QHD monitor.
        














Accept
4K Signal








MSI Console Mode


2K resolution










Better Resolution In Comparison
















Can only accept
FHD Signal








Upscale


FHD>2K resolution










Enlarged Resolution Is Worse












 












TAILORED FOR THE PERFECT FIT


The MSI Optix Gaming monitor is built to make you as comfortable as possible while  gaming. Through adjustments of tilting (-5°~20°), lowering and raising (0~100mm),  swiveling (-75°~75°) and pivoting (-90°~90°), you can easily change the position of  the monitor for maximum ergonomics and optimum viewing experiences.




Lower


Raise


Tilt


Swivel


Pivot




Endless Flexibility




















































































































































 














NIGHT VISION ENGAGED


Whether your entire screen is dark, or just a few portions have heavy shadows. Let the world's first smart black tuner brighten your day by bringing out the fine details in dark areas.






© CAPCOM CO.,LTD. 2019 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.






 








Image has been processed for advertising purposes.




 


















Personalize
Your Gaming Rig


With MSI Mystic Light, the Optix MAG series gaming monitor lights provide a soft ambient light that can easily be synced with any other Mystic Light enabled gaming product. Select any of the colors from the palette using your smartphone or the Mystic Light App to match your system style to your taste. Or just turn on gaming echo, letting your monitor back light dance to music you play on the computer.


























*This image is for illustrative purposes only.






Universal Type-C
Connection


This MSI Optix gaming monitor supports USB Type-C connection, allowing you to power your devices (up to 15W) and effortlessly connect to any device.








 














TRUE COLOR


The Optix series gaming monitors have more gamut coverage compared to general monitors. Gameplay colors and details will look more realistic and refined, pushing immersion to its limits.










 










 


















Game Mode


Choose Your Gaming Style


MSI Optix series gaming monitors offers several modes to choose from. Gamers can choose the mode based on the type of game played to experience the best visual effects.
























FPS 
 
 RACING
 
 RTS 
 
 RPG 
 
 READER 
 
 DESIGNER 
 
 CINEMA 










 
















From Edge to Edge


With a super narrow bezel, enjoy the best immersion possible in the latest games with a multi-monitor 180 degree setup. Enjoy better continuity between screens while playing games, working, or general computing.






 


















178 DEGREES OF

WIDE VIEWING ANGLE


By having a large viewing angle, MSI gaming monitors has more leeway for placing your monitor in your setup without giving up the optimal viewing experience. Colors and details will stay sharp at more angles compared to other monitors with less viewing angles.








 




















 










Anti-Flicker Technology


Generic monitor displays normally have a flicker-rate of about 200-times per second, which is unnoticeable to the naked eye, but can cause fatigue over time. MSI Anti-Flicker technology provides a very comfortable viewing experience by reducing the amount of flicker.








 























                               Blue Light Reduction



                        Optix monitors are optimized to produce less amount of blue light displayed by the monitor, so that you can game for longer periods of time without eye-fatigue.






General LCD




Optix monitors Less Blue Light










































Panel Size
27”






Panel TYPE
Rapid IPS






Aspect Ratio
16:9






Panel Resolution
2560 x 1440 (WQHD)






Refresh Rate
165 Hz






Response Time
1ms GTG


















 


 
































































All images and descriptions are for illustrative purposes only. Visual representation of the products may not be perfectly accurate. Product specification, functions and appearance may vary by models and differ from country to country . All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please consult the product specifications page for full details.Although we endeavor to present the most precise and comprehensive information at the time of publication, a small number of items may contain typography or photography errors. Products may not be available in all markets. We recommend you to check with your local supplier for exact offers.


The terms HDMI™, HDMI™ High-Definition Multimedia Interface, HDMI™ Trade dress and the HDMI™ Logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI™ Licensing Administrator, Inc.










˄






















Feedback
















 






















 



