









Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2 - Xiaomi Global Official






















































































Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2
|
Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2 Lite
Overview
Specs
Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2
Your floor cleaning expert
2700Pa powerful suction fan blower
Upgraded pressurized mopping*
Upgraded smart interactive features*
Up to 110-minute battery life*
What do you need to be comfortable walking barefoot 
on your floors at home?
you need a professional floor cleaning expert
 to keep your floor spotless
2700Pa powerful suction fan blower
Persistent, powerful, instant cleaning
Upgraded pressurized
 mopping
Effective mopping and efficient cleaning
 Upgraded smart
 interactive features
Automatic zoning, cleans where you tell it to
Up to 110-minute
 battery life
Cleans your entire house with one charge
Deep cleaning to remove even tiny dust
2700Pa powerful suction fan blower, 
instant cleaning of the dust
The Japanese NIDEC brushless motor provides consistently powerful suction fan blower to effectively remove dirt and debris in an
 instant. From tiny dust and hair to large crumbs and debris, the Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2 cleans them all up instantly.
NIDEC
 Japanese brand brushless motor
 4
 -speed
Suction mode
550
mL
High-capacity dustbin
All-new brush configuration for thorough 
cleaning even in corners and gaps
The upgraded full-coverage hex side brushes and super-dense 0.1mm fibre main brush 
clean deeply into corners and clear away dust from gaps between floor boards.
Full-coverage hex
 side brushes
efficient cleaning and fine dust removal
Super-dense 0.1mm 
fibre main brush
 reaches deep into crevices to sweep up dust
Upgraded mopping function for better cleaning
Upgraded pressurized mopping to help remove stains
The newly upgraded pressurized mopping module provides more efficient cleaning, to eliminate water stains, dust and more.
Capable of cleaning an entire 150㎡* home in one pass
Equipped with a 250mL* smart electronically controlled water tank , the Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2 can mop a 150㎡ floor without refilling.
150㎡ 
Upgraded Visual Navigation 4.0
Accurately scan the entire house layout and
 plan the most efficient route
The newly upgraded high-speed visual navigation system enables accurate scanning of home environments while moving, 
and simultaneous creation of cleaning plans.
Customized smart interface, helping
 the cleaner to go where you tell it to
Advanced map management features have been upgraded to meet more personalised cleaning needs
 compared to previous generatioin, with new features such as automatic zoning and map editing.
All-new Cortex™-A53 chip, 
high-efficiency quad-core computing
The all-new Cortext™-A53 quad-core processor combined with VSLAM algorithm provides more 
powerful computing power for real-time accurate positionning and smart path computing.
Up to 110-minute battery life, 
able to deal with a large house easily
Upgraded battery capacity of 3200mAh, 110-minute battery life* 
under standard mode, saving you the time and trouble
3200
mAH
high-capacity battery
110
min
up to 110-minute running time
Mi Home/Xiaomi Home APP
The APP provides real-time status monitoring, remote control and scheduled cleaning
All-round protection of user security and privacy
Xiaomi provides you with comprehensive security protection

Map Encryption
Better map management, one-click switch for cloud upload, protecting users' security and privacy.
MJA1 Security Chip
Ensures the security and authenticity of the device.
Mi Home/Xiaomi Home app*
Leading international security protection with accredited security certifications, based on the standards ISO 27001, ISO 27701 and ETSI EN 303 645.
TÜV Rheinland Cybersecurity and Privacy Protection Standard Certification
Based on the ETSI EN 303 645* standard, our products offer services complying with security regulations and quality criteria.
Beyong-expectation performance 
compared with the last generation
Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2
Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop
2700Pa powerful suction fan blower
2500Pa
3200mAh battery capacity
2600mAh
Full-coverage hex side brush design
Standard triple side brushes
Upgraded pressurized mopping module
Standard mopping module
250mL water tank capacity
200mL
More features waiting to be discovered
8.1cm slim body
Freer movement around the home
Automatically returns 
for charging
Resume cleaning where it left off 
Capable of crossing 
obstacles up to 20mm
Skip easily over door thresholds, rails and carpets
Support OTA updates*
More features are waiting to be discovered
*150㎡ mopping area: Mopping area data is abtained from the Dreame Technology Laboratory. The Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2, at full water tank, starts running at the medium spray setting, and mops in a rectangular open space of 4×5m, completing more than 8 complete cycles.
*2700Pa powerful suction fan blower: Air pressure test data is obtained from Dreame Technology Laboratory using air performance test equipment to verify that the powerful suction fan blower at the inlet of the Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2 can reach up to 2700Pa.
*110-minute battery life: Data from Dreame Technology Laboratory. The fully-powered Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2 is set to standard mode and run on a 4×5m rectangular open floor to discharge the battery. The operating time when the battery runs out is recorded, and the test is repeated three times with the same environment and method. The operating times after each single charge all exceeded 110 minutes.
*Upgrade pressurized mopping: Compared with Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop, Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop 2 adds two pressurization buttons,
During cleaning, the spring in the button will maintain a stable downward pressure on the entire water tank due to the squeezing force, thereby achieving the effect of increasing the pressure of the water tank on the ground.
*250mL water tank: 1. Use an electronic scale (accuracy 0.01g) to weigh the empty water tank as M1; 2. Fill the water tank with tap water, and weigh it on the electronic scale as M2; 3. Water tank capacity M=M2-M1, repeat the steps 1, 2 to test three times, record the average value of the water tank capacity. The measurement result is: 250±5%mL. The test report comes from the Dreame Technology Laboratory.
*The world leading consumer loT security standard released by European Telecommunications Standards Institute.
*App name varies according to the country/region, Mi Home app is also named Xiaomi Home app in some countries or regions. Xiaomi deserves the right to the final interpretation.
*The vacuum-mop will update its firmware to fix bugs or improve functions for better security and user experience. You can check whether the firmware is latest version on the settings page in Mi Home/Xiaomi Home app and select the firmware update method in settings. For the Firmware Upgrade and Support Policy, please visit Xiaomi Security Center
Copyright © 2010 - 2023 Xiaomi. All Rights Reserved
Cookie Policy
Global / Global





































