



























Portable Air Conditioner With Remote Control | BLACK+DECKER










































































































 
 










 

















    Skip to content
  
















Holiday Shopping Gets Easier:  $1.99 Gift Wrap Until 12/31






Last day for Christmas shipping:  12/18/23






📦 Free shipping + returns on all orders


























Access


Find a Retailer


Help + Support


Returns + Exchanges


FAQs


























Menu


























































































Cleaning
Kitchen + Bar
Tools
Outdoor
NEW!
Best Sellers
SALE

































                      Cocktail Maker
                    





























                      Vacuum
                    





























                      Power Tool
                    





























                      Leaf Blower
                    





























                      String Trimmer
                    





























                      Holiday Shop
                    












Find the perfect gift:
Gift Finder



















































            Log in
          














Enter Search Term






















No Results Were Found. Please Try Searching for Something Else.






















Cleaning












Kitchen












Outdoor












Tools + Home Improvement












Home + Lifestyle












New Arrivals






Sale






Best Sellers
























Browse the SALE Collection




























Exclusive kitchen wand recipes










Ideas + Inspiration


Kitchen Recipes


Holiday Shop


Find a Retailer


Help + Support


Returns + Exchanges


FAQs


Access
















































































Your cart








































Your cart is empty. 
Shop Now










Your cart












































You May Also Like


























Subtotal


$0.00













        Checkout
      



        Loading...
      




Taxes and 
shipping
 calculated at checkout



























Home
Heating, Cooling + Air Quality
Portable Air Conditioner With Remote Control
































Portable Air Conditioner With Remote Control
BPACT08WT


















































































































































































Portable Air Conditioner With Remote Control
BPACT08WT




































Checking availability...
















BLACK+DECKER® versatile 4,000 BTU portable air conditioner cools, dehumidifies, and circulates air. It has features such as easy-to-use electronic controls, rolling castors, and side carrying handles.













        Details & Features
        








Enjoy a comfortable home climate with this versatile BLACK+DECKER® unit. It cools, dehumidifies, and circulates air to stand up to summer heat. Offering immediate, uninterrupted comfort, this Portable Air Conditioner features easy-to-use electronic controls and is quiet while you sleep. This unit comes with rolling castors and side carrying handles for easy-to maneuver mobile comfort and everything needed for an effortless installation.͍

QUIET & POWERFUL - Our 4,000 BTU (8,000 BTU ASHRAE) compact air conditioner (16.5 x 11.5 x 26 in,) will keep you cool and comfortable all summer. An adjustable fan speed cools the air to 65°F at the coolest setting. Sleep mode makes it extra quiet while you rest, Casters for easy mobility 
 PERFECT FOR SMALL ROOMS - This floor-standing portable AC unit provides steady, fast, effective cooling for rooms up to 150 sq. ft. It’s the ideal small air conditioner for dorms, apartments, cabins, campers, offices, bedrooms, or living rooms 
 SIMPLE & QUICK TO INSTALL – Just wheel this portable air conditioner into any room with a double hung or sliding window. Attach the included hose (4’ 11”) & window adapter, & plug it in to an outlet! At the end of the season, just unhook & store. Top mounted control panel with LED display 
 EASY TO USE & CLEAN – The simple remote control & top-mounted LED display with 24-hour timer allow you to precisely control the air temperature. To clean the filter, just slide it out twice a month, rinse it thoroughly under running water, & put it back 
 3-in-1 FUNCTIONALITY - Combines 3 energy efficient functions for all of your cooling & ventilation needs with cool, fan, & dehumidifying modes all in one machine. Bucket-less, self-evaporating operation makes your living space cool, clean and dry 
 Cools a room approximately 15' x 20'






Contact Us for Product Manual













        Specs & Parts
        
















Cordless vs Corded:




Corded










Product Application:




Heatorcool










Weight:




12.1 LB




Includes:
Installation Kit. Full Function Remote Control. Hose Inlet/Outlet Adapters. Window Casement. Water Drain Hose. Owners Manual

        


















Manufactured by Equity Brands 














Where to Buy
            


































Portable Air Conditioner With Remote Control






















Checking availability...


























Tech Specs


Comparison Chart


Reviews


FAQ


Keep Shopping




























































01 Warranty











        The manufacturers of BLACK+DECKER® products are confident of their quality.  Warranty information will vary by product. Please Contact Us for additional information.
      


Contact Us












02 Service











        Extensive measures are made to ensure all BLACK+DECKER® products are made to the very highest standards and meet all relevant industry regulations.  Please Contact Us for additional information.
      


Contact Us












03 Product Manual











        You can download relevant product manuals for this or other BLACK+DECKER® items by visiting our dedicated service website at the direct link below.
      


Tool ServiceNet












04 Support











        Friendly support is always available.  Please Contact Us if support is needed. 
      


Contact Us




































































Recently Viewed






































Join the BLACK+DECKER® family


Sign up for sneak peaks, exclusive offers, and more






















About






About Us






Patents






News + Press






Careers 






BLACK+DECKER History






Help + Support






Help Center 






Contact Us 






FAQ 






Service Center






Warranty






Follow






Instagram 






Pinterest 






Facebook 






TikTok 






Legal






Accessibility 






Terms of Use






Terms of Sale






Privacy Policy 



































