The Traeger Pro 780 grill makes it simple to achieve incredible wood-fired flavor. Set-It & Forget-It® ease and precise temperature control help you create unforgettable meals.

Wood-fired flavor is easy to achieve with the Pro.
WiFIRE® technology lets you monitor and control your grill from anywhere using the Traeger App, and the powerful D2 Controller maintains precise temperatures for perfect results every time.
FEATURES

WiFIRE Technology

Meat Probe

Easy to use controller

Porcelain-Coated Grill Grates

All-Terrain Wheels

Locking Caster Wheels

Turbo Temp

Hopper Cleanout

Control Your Grill From Anywhere
WiFIRE® Technology lets you monitor your cooks, adjust grill temperature, and access over 1,600 recipes through the Traeger App or select smart home devices.
Conveniently Monitor Your Cook
Included meat probe lets you monitor food temperature without lifting the lid.
Easy to Move
Rugged all-terrain wheels easily conquer any backyard terrain.
Gets Hotter, Faster
TurboTemp® improves startup time and helps grill temperature recover more quickly after lifting the lid.
Easily Swap Pellets
Hopper cleanout features trapdoor that empties the hopper for quick and easy pellet flavor swapping.
Capacity
34
Burgers
Or
6
Rib Racks
Or
6
Chickens
Total cooking space
780 sq. in.
Total weight
150 lbs
Pellet hopper capacity
18 lbs
Max temperature
500° F
Unleash Your Grilling Potential
Explore Delicious Traeger Recipes
Looking for inspiration for your next meal? We've got pellet grill recipes that let you grill, smoke, braise, bake, roast and BBQ.
FAQS
Commonly asked questions about our Pro Series pellet grills.
What is the difference between the Pro 780 and Pro 575
It’s all in the numbers, so we’re breaking it down for you. Our Pro 780 features 780 square inches of total cooking capacity and the Pro 575 features 575 square inches. It’s that simple.
Can I sear on a Traeger?
Harness your searing potential with a Traeger. Effective searing occurs between 350° - 500°F, so crafting a perfect sear is easy on any Traeger. Go pro and sear with confidence with our smokin’ reverse sear method.
Will everything taste super smoky?
Everything tastes better cooked over wood and our lineup of grills let you have complete control over your smoke. Not all temperatures are equal. The higher the temps, the less smoke will be produced. Food cooked 165° - 225°F will produce more smokin’ flavor to fit your tastebuds than those cooked at higher temps.
Can I use a WiFIRE grill without being connected to the internet?
Yes, you can, but we’ve put in the work, so you don’t have to. Our WiFIRE® enabled controller allows for precision temperature control anytime, anywhere. All navigated through the Traeger App, you can have full control of your smoke, in the palm of your hand. With Traeger’s GrillGuide® technology, step-by-step instruction and remote temperature control through the entire cook cycle is just one click away.
How long does it take to assemble a Traeger grill?
Got 30-60 minutes of time on your hands? That’s all you’ll need to assemble. Experience what it’s like to unbox and assemble a Pro Series grill here.
I already have a gas or charcoal grill. Why should I get this grill?
Wood-fired food just tastes better. No other grills can match the versatility, ease, and consistency of a Traeger. This is more than a grill. You can grill, smoke, bake (yes BAKE), roast, braise, and BBQ on our entire lineup of grills. Not all grills are created equal, ours just happens to be the best.
What is your warranty?
Our grills are built to last and we stand by it with our 3-year warranty. Experience any defects in material and workmanship under normal use and maintenance for a period of three(3) years from the date of original purchase? We’ve got you covered. And, if you have any questions about your grill, our seasoned experts have your back. We’re here for you 365 days a year, including holidays, because we’re cooks - not bankers and we care about our craft.
How does your return policy work?
If you have any problems, we're here for you. Call us at 1-800-TRAEGER and we'll walk you through it. You can exchange your order or any unopened grill to receive a new grill or full refund of the original purchase price, within 45 days. For products purchased directly from an authorized Traeger dealer, their return policy applies.