The Shop-Vac® 6 Gallon* 3.5 Peak HP** Wet/Dry Vacuum gives you the power to take the work out of cleaning. This vacuum cleans wet or dry messes in your garage, workshop or basement. Attach the hose to the rear blower port to blow dirt out of those hard to reach places or grass clippings from your sidewalk.

Cord Length: 6 Feet
Hose Size: 1.25-inch Diameter
Warranty: Limited Lifetime Home Use Warranty
Blower Feature
Onboard Accessory Storage

Accessories
7-Foot by 1.25-inch Diameter Hose
Three 1.25-inch Diameter Extension Wands
10-inch Wet/Dry Floor Nozzle
Onboard Accessory Storage

Filters
Reusable Dry Filter with Ring
Foam Sleeve
5-8 Gallon* Disposable Filter Bag

Performance
Airflow, Max: 65 CFM
Sealed Pressure: 55 Inches
Electrical Ratings: 120V 60Hz 8.4 Amps
Peak Air Watts: 150
ASTM tested with 1.25-inch Shop-Vac® diameter hose

Definitions & Disclaimers (*, **)
Horsepower Rating
"Peak Horsepower" (PHP) is a term used in the wet-dry vacuum industry for consumer comparison purposes. It does not denote the operational horsepower of a wet-dry vacuum but rather the horsepower output of a motor, including the motor’s inertial contribution, achieved in laboratory testing. In actual use, Shop-Vac motors do not operate at the peak horsepower shown.

CFM (Cubic Feet Per Minute)
CFM is a measure of the quantity of air moved by the vacuum motor at a particular system load, such as 2-1/2" orifice. Your actual system load is determined by the type, size and length of the hose used, the accessory tool used and the filter system used. A dirty filter system can drastically affect the suction and air flow. The filters need to be cleaned regularly and replaced as necessary to avoid reduced suction and air flow.

SP (Sealed Pressure)
Suction pressure represents how far up a glass tube a vacuum motor will lift a column of water. This function is measured in inches. Maximum suction pressure or sealed water lift is obtained at zero air flow. Suction pressure decreases as air flow increases.

Vacuum Performance
Vacuum performance or air power is the rate of work performed by a vacuum cleaner. Air power is a function of suction and air flow at an operating point. Air power is reduced by dirty filters, leaks and attachments used.