The Kärcher WD 3 is specifically designed for taking on the jobs too tough for your indoor vac. A robust machine that can handle most wet and dry cleaning tasks.

The Kärcher WD 3 Wet & Dry Vacuum Cleaner is specifically designed for taking on the jobs too tough for your indoor vac. It is a robust machine that can handle tough wet and dry cleaning tasks around the car, garage and basement. Switch seamlessly between wet and dry debris thanks to its intelligent cartridge filter system, and use the blower function to dislodge dirt from hard-to-reach corners and crevices. Its durable 4.5 gallon container and highly efficient motor makes light work of dust to heavy rubble and even liquid, while its compact size means it's easy to empty, move and store. With on-board storage, you'll always have all the accessories close at hand.

Features and benefits

Single-part cartridge filter
For wet and dry vacuuming without additional filter replacement.
Simple installation and removal of filter by turning without additional locking part.

Practical cable and accessory storage
Space-saving, secure and on-board accessories storage.
The power cable can be safely stored using the integrated cable hooks.

Hose storage on the device head
The suction hose can be stored in a space-saving manner by hanging it on the device head.
Intuitive securing mechanisms for left- and right-handed users.

Storage shelf
For the safe storage of tool and small parts such as screws and nails.

Integrated blower function
Blower function quickly moves dirt and debris from hard-to-reach areas
Effortless dirt removal, e.g. from gravel.

Fleece filter bag
Triple-layered, extremely tear-resistant fleece material
For longer lasting suction power and high dust retention capacity.

Intermediate parking of the handle on the device head
Quickly park the handle on the device head when taking a break from work.

The device, suction hose and floor nozzle are optimally coordinated
Great cleaning results: wheather dry, wet, coarse, or fine dirt
Maximum convenience and flexibility when vacuuming.

"Pull & Push" locking system
For easy container opening and closing.

Ergonomically shaped carrying handle
Unit is easy and convenient to carry

Specifications

Technical data

Energy use (W)
1000

Color
Device head yellow Device bumper yellow Container yellow

Standard accessory ID (mm)
35

Power supply (V/ Hz)
120 / 60

Weight without accessories (lb)
10.8

Weight incl. packaging (lb)
15.4

Dimensions (L x W x H) (in)
13.7 x 12.9 x 19.4

Equipment

Removable handle

Wet and dry floor nozzle: Clips

Crevice nozzle

Fleece filter bag: 1 Piece(s)

Cartridge filter: one-piece

On/Off switch

Blower function

Intermediate parking position of the handle on the device head

Hose storage on the device head

Additional accessory storage on the device head

Storage space for small parts

Folding carrying handle

Cable hook

Parking position

Accessory storage on the device

Sturdy bumper

Caster wheels: 4 Piece(s)

Videos

Cleaning application

Outdoor areas, patios and gardens

Interior car cleaning

Garage

Workshop

Basement

Wet areas

Entrance areas

Driveway

Accessories

Find parts for WD 3

Find parts & diagrams for your Kärcher cleaning equipment. Select “Find Parts” to begin your search or contact your authorized Kärcher dealer or retailer.