The new E6 - Best-loved specialty coffees at the touch of a button
Cappuccino with a master touch: Treat yourself to perfect coffee every day with the E6. In addition to classic black coffee specialties, it makes the crowd favorite, the cappuccino, to perfection thanks to the Easy Cappuccino function.
The Professional Aroma Grinder, by virtue of its more consistent grinding result, ensures that you get more aromatic coffee, while the sophisticated operating concept with color display and buttons means coffee preparation is boiled down to the basics at the touch of a button thanks to simple, straightforward user guidance. Its timeless, elegant design makes the E6 an eye-catching feature in every kitchen.
Even more aroma for even more enjoyment
The Professional Aroma Grinder helps to create the perfect coffee that is second to none. Thanks to perfected grinder geometry, the quality of the grind is more consistent, and this performance is maintained over its entire service life. This optimizes aroma extraction and achieves an aroma increase of 12.2% compared to conventional grinders. Discover completely new sides to your favorite coffee specialty.
Cappuccino made to perfection
With the proven Easy Cappuccino function, you can enjoy superb cappuccini at the touch of a button. The milk nozzle, which was specially developed for cappuccini, ensures uniquely soft, fine milk foam that perfectly complements the coffee and promises true perfection. The ultimate solution for cappuccino lovers.
Perfection made easy
The clearly presented 2.8" color display, six ideally placed buttons and an intuitive operating concept enable convenient operation of the E6, whether you want simple coffee preparation, to set individual preferences or use the self-explanatory cleaning functions. The E6 is also compatible with J.O.E.®, which allows you to prepare specialty coffees, set and store personal preferences and easily send your guests' coffee orders directly to the coffee machine from your smartphone.
Sustainable design
With its quiet elegance, the design of the E6 reflects the unique technology hidden behind its timeless exterior. The linear geometry with sophisticated chrome accents ensures a distinct visual that focuses uncompromisingly on first-class coffee and blends harmoniously into any décor. Both in terms of the selection of specialties and its design, the E6 purposely avoids any excess that could distract from its true essence: The perfect cup of coffee.