Grind, dose and extract all in one.

Create third wave specialty coffee at home from bean to espresso in less than a minute. The Barista Express allows you to grind the beans right before extraction for rich full flavor and precise temperature control ensures optimal espresso extraction. Be hands on like a barista with manual microfoam milk texturing to deliver authentic results in no time at all.

Experience third wave specialty coffee at home, made possible by the 4 keys formula

Our espresso machines are designed to use the right dose of freshly ground beans, ensure precise temperature control, optimal water pressure and create true microfoam milk essential for latte art. You're only a touch away from getting the 4 keys formula used by professional cafe machines.

Auto grind & dose with an integrated conical burr grinder with 16 grind settings

With a single touch, the integrated precision conical burr grinder with dose control delivers the right amount of coffee on demand for maximum flavor.

54 mm stainless steel portafilter delivers full flavor with dual and single wall filters

Full bodied coffee with rich and complex flavors is created using the ideal dose of 18g of freshly ground beans delivered by a professional style 54mm stainless steel portafilter.

Low pressure pre-infusion followed by 9 bar extraction

An opulent, creamy and caramel colored espresso starts with low pressure pre-infusions, followed by a high pressure (9 bar) extraction process delivered via our 15 bar Italian pump.

Thermocoil heating system delivers 200°F with PID temperature control

The Thermocoil heating system with PID temperature control delivers water at exactly 200°F for perfectly balanced flavours.

Manual hand-crafted microfoam

Our powerful steam wands are designed to quickly turn milk into smooth microfoam with a delicious silky texture, ready for pouring latte art.

Simple interface with volumetric shot control

Choose between 1 & 2 shot, or manual control over how much espresso ends up in your cup for the perfect shot every time.

Includes Dosing Funnel™ attachment to reduce mess and waste

Grinding and tamping can be messy business, but the Dosing Funnel™ attachment for the portafilter prevents coffee grinds from overflowing, to help reduce mess and waste. Made from BPA free materials and dishwasher safe. Less mess, less waste.

Easy step-by-step 3D interactive setup

If an instruction booklet isn’t your thing, we’ve partnered with BILT® Intelligent Instructions for a seamless and interactive product setup. Download the free app to assist in making the best third wave specialty coffee from the get go.