Beautiful, compact and meticulous design, along with De'Longhi's technical expertise will transform your kitchen into a smart, specialty café. Elevate your espresso experience at home with Dinamica LatteCrema Automatic Coffee & Espresso Machine with Iced Coffee & Premium Frother by De’Longhi. Indulge in the world of espresso from the freshly ground beans to the perfectly frothed milk with just a touch of a button, in the comfort of your home.

Explore, and customize to your preference, 18 of your favorite coffee shop specialties like latte, cappuccino, espresso, iced coffee and flat white. A patented, professional brewing unit delivers the perfect espresso with precision and ease, while the LatteCrema™ system automatically froths milk to the ideal density and texture.

* Frothing quality will vary depending on the type of dairy or non-dairy milk selected. De'Longhi recommends cold skim or 2% dairy milk cold or non-dairy milks, such as rice, soy or oat milk.

What's included:

Espresso Machine

Descaling Solution

Cleaning Brush

Water Filter

Measuring Spoon

Instruction Manual & Quick Start Guide

2 Year Warranty + 1 additional year if you register your product

18 espresso and specialty coffee recipes, with a simple touch of a button, including latte, cappuccino, macchiato, espresso, iced coffee, ristretto, flat white and more.

Built-in conical burr grinder with 13 settings for always freshly ground coffee, for any beans of your choice.

Automatic and adjustable milk frothing from the proprietary LatteCrema System™ for perfectly textured lattes and cappuccinos; works with oat, soy and rice milk*.

Authentic, perfect espresso thanks to conical grinder, patented brewing unit, Tubeless System, Dual Thermoblock System.

Compact, elegant and modern design with an intuitive LCD display.

Personalize and save your favorite recipes with My Menu feature.

Switch between recipes seamlessly with simultaneous frothing, grinding and brewing.

18 Espresso & Specialty Coffee Recipes Menu

Brew any of your favorite specialty coffee-shop drinks at home, with just one touch of a button. Now you can enjoy lattes, cappuccinos, macchiatos, espressos, iced coffees, ristrettos, flat whites, and many more drinks.

KEY FEATURES

Built-in Conical Burr Grinder

Treat yourself to always freshly ground espresso and save counter space with the integrated grinder. With 13 adjustable settings, this grinder ensures that the coffee beans of your choice are ground as evenly and finely as possible to bring out rich flavors and aroma.

LatteCrema System

Adjustable, self-cleaning milk frother automatically froths milk to the ideal density and texture for lattes, cappuccinos, flat white and other espresso-base drinks. Plus, it’s compatible with alternative milks too, like oat, rice and soy.

Intuitive LCD Display

Dinamica’s elegant, compact and modern design comes equipped with an easy-to-use LCD display, so choosing and brewing your drink comes naturally.

My Menu Personalization

Store your perfect recipe and replicate it with a touch of the My Menu button. Select the recipe you want to personalize, choose strength, size of the drink and amount of milk for your espresso-based drinks.