







Hisense Front Load Washer 10kg - Series 7 (2023) - Hisense Australia














































































































































































































 












TV & Entertainment




Televisions




Mini-LED 8K
OLED 4K
Mini-LED 4K
ULED 8K
ULED
4K Ultra HD
Full HD
View All
 


Laser




120″ TriChroma Laser TV Series L9H
100" TriChroma Laser TV Series L9H
Laser Cinema Series PX2-PRO
Laser Cinema Series PL1H
View All
 


Sound Bars




2.1 CH (2023)
Dolby Atmos 5.1.2CH
Dolby Atmos 5.1CH (2022)
Dolby Atmos 3.1CH (2022)
Dolby Atmos 3.1CH
Dolby 2.1CH
View All
 


What’s New


Home Appliances




Fridges




French Door
Bottom Mount
Top Mount
Side by Side
Single Door Freezer
Single Door Refrigerator
Bar Fridge
Chest Freezer
View All
 


Wine Cabinets




30 Bottle Wine Cabinet
46 Bottle Dual Zone Wine Cellar
View All
 


Dishwasher




15 Place Settings Black Steel
14 Place Settings Stainless
15 Place Settings Stainless
View All
 


Laundry




Front Load Washers
Dryers
Stacking Kits
View All
 


What’s New


Air Conditioning




Wall Mounted




Small Room
Medium Room
Large Room
View All
 


Single Split




Ducted
Wall Mounted
Cassette
View All
 


Multi Split




Multi Head
Bulk Head
Wall Mounted
View All
 


What’s New
Commercial HVAC


Support
Blog
Promotions
For Business
Contact Us
Download AR App
 
 


















































 




 








 








 

















				New				





			Hisense Front Load Washer 10kg – Series 7 (2023)		



			Model No. HWFS1015AB
					




$
 1,099.00


Elegance, meet power! This Hisense Series 7 Washer is the perfect combination of style and performance. Packed with great features like Auto Dosing, UV Hygiene and being ConnectLife Enabled this washer is sure to take the chore out of laundry!




Auto Dosing – 
This machine can store up to 24 loads worth of detergent and softener and will automatically choose the precise detergent or softener dosage according to the weight of washing.


UV Hygiene – 
This washer utilises Ultra Violet for a next generation clean. The water used to rinse your clothing is cycled through the UV filter, eliminating up to 99.99% of bacteria.


Let your washer decide – 
With the Auto Wash function, the washer automatically senses the weight of your laundry during the wash cycle and adds the optimum amount of water and detergent.


ConnectLife Enabled – 
Connect this washer to Wi-Fi through the ConnectLife app in order to access smart features like energy monitoring, smart wizard and smart link between an eligible Hisense Dryer.




 







							Where to Buy
					














 







							A month's washing on one tank						



								Auto Dosing							


This machine can store up to 24 loads worth of detergent and softener (about a month’s worth of washing!) and will automatically choose the precise detergent or softener dosage according to the weight of washing.





										*Based on the average of 6 loads per week / 5kg load / Medium soil level. Actual results may vary depending on individual use, the washing load and settings.									















							Ultra Violet for a next generation clean						



								UV Hygiene							


Using an inbuilt UV light filtration system, the water used to rinse your clothing is cycled through the UV filter, eliminating up to 99.99% of bacteria, ensuring your clothes are pristine at the end of the wash.













							The perfect amount every time						



								Auto Wash							


The Auto Wash function automatically senses the weight of your laundry during the wash cycle and adds the optimum amount of water and detergent, cleaning your clothes efficiently.













							Gentle steam, strong clean.​						



								Steam Function							


The high-temperature steam is released from the bottom of the drum, permeating your clothing, eliminating 99.9% of allergens and other microbes while keeping your favourite clothes clean and your skin protected.





										*Testing done by SGS on Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli, on Allergy Care mode. Individual results may vary.									















							The perfect wash for every situation​						



								Smart Wizard							


By choosing the fabric type, colour, and dirt level of your specific laundry, the washing machine will select the perfect combination of the right temperature, time, and water for your specific load. Thanks to Smart Wizard, Your clothes will always get the perfect wash.













							Efficiency Tracking Made Simple​						



								Energy Monitoring							


Monitor your energy and water usage with a tap of a button. See how much water and electricity you’ve used per week, month and even year, and check estimated costs for those periods​.













							Connect ​intelligently for effortless Laundry​						



								Smart Link							


The Hisense washing machine sends the current washing program to the eligible Hisense dryer*, which in turn allows the dryer to intelligently choose the correct drying program to match, saving time and negate any need for manual programming.





										*Available on Android and iOS. An internet connection is required. Smart Dry is only available when both the Hisense washing machine and Hisense dryer have ConnectLife and are Wi-Fi connected.​									















							Enjoy outstanding efficiency						



								Super Energy Efficient							


Thanks to constant improvements and our Durable Inverter technology, you can get all the benefits of a modern washer while using significantly less energy. This means lower electricity bills, and a step toward helping the environment.





										*11 year Part Warranty for the motor only, separate to the standard 3 year product warranty.									















							For life on the go​						



								Quick Wash 15’ & Power 49’​ Modes							


This washer provides you with multiple quick washing programs to meet your personalized needs. You can choose either the Quick 15′ program which is perfect for light loads of up to 1kg or choose the Power 49′ for up to half a load of laundry in only 49 minutes!





										*Quick Wash 15' can be used for light loads up to 1kg. Power 49' mode can be used for up to half a load of washing.									















							Maintenance Made Easy						



								Hygiene Guard							


This washer can remove bacteria during Drum Clean* as well as cleaning the soapbox, keeping your washer in top condition and your clothing more hygienic, and the Pure Jet function can can remove any soap or scum build up around the door which also sports an anti-bacterial seal.





										*Drum Clean water temperature can reach above 80 ℃, Individual results may vary.​									

























		For those all about the 
details…







			Specifications vary from country to country (even though products may have the same model number). We strongly advise to always check the specifications before purchase.
		










Type


Colour Finish


Width x Depth x Height (mm)


Energy Star Rating














Front Load


Charcoal Black


595 X 590 X 845


5 Stars















				Full Specs
			















					Downloads
				







												Front Load Washer 10kg (HWFS1015AB)												
|



													Product Manual												









												Front Load Washer 10kg (HWFS1015AB)												
|



													Installation Guide												











						Warranty
					



						Each Hisense product comes with a warranty to give our customers the peace of mind that, should something go wrong, we will stand behind our products. Because warranties vary by product, please see the warranty card in your product's box for complete details and the most up-to-date information.
					



						* Terms and conditions apply, please call 
1800 HISENSE (1800 447 367)
 for further details or download Warranty Terms & Conditions via the links above.
					













					Register
				



					Register your Hisense Product.
				



					Product Registration
				





































				Hisense Customer Care
			



				Need help or advice on a Hisense product?
			



				Choose one of the following ways to contact our Hisense Customer Care team.
			







						1 800 447 367
					







						Email Us
					



















					Our Products
				







							Televisions
						







							Laser TV
						







							Sound Bars
						







							Fridges
						







							Washers
						







							Dryers
						







							Wine Cabinets
						







							Air Conditioners
						











					Support
				







							Support Center
						







							User Manuals
						







							Product registration
						











					About
				







							About
						







							Investors
						







							Press
						







							Blog
						











					Contact
				







							Contact us
						







							Become a retailer
						







							Careers
						











					Stay connected with
					

						Hisense
					







						Facebook
					



						Twitter
					



						Youtube
					



						Instagram
					



















					Australia
				
 |
				

					Hisense Privacy Policy and Website Terms of Use
				
 |
				

					©
					2023					Hisense, inc. all rights reserved
				








 









				Choose your region
			





















				Argentina			













				Australia			













				Canada ENG			













				Canada FRENCH			













				China			













				Germany			













				Israel			













				Italy			













				Japan			













				Malaysia			













				South Africa			













				Poland			













				Spain			













				USA			













				Uzbekistan			























































































