









































































































































Freestanding Washing Machine Hotpoint NM11 945 WC A UK N - Hotpoint 












Customer Service: 03448 224 224
My Account
Favourites
Cart
Deals
Shop Appliances
Laundry
Washing machines
Tumble dryers
Heat pump dryers
Condenser dryers
Washer dryers
Refrigeration
Fridge freezers
Integrated fridge freezers
Frost free fridge freezers
American fridge freezer
Fridge freezers 50/50
Fridges
Freezers
Cooking
Ovens
Hobs
Hoods
Cookers
Dishwashing
Dishwashers
Intergrated dishwashers
Slimline dishwashers
Microwaves
Microwaves
Microwave oven
Built in microwave
Black microwave
Accessories
All Accessories
Laundry accessories
Refrigeration accessories
Cooking accessories
Dishwashing accessories
Air conditioning accessories
Small appliance accessories
Spare Parts
All Spare Parts
Washing machine spare parts 
Tumble dryer spare parts 
Washer dryer spare parts 
Fridge spare parts 
Freezer spare parts
Fridge freezer spare parts
Dishwasher spare parts 
Oven spare parts 
Hob spare parts 
Cooker spare parts 
Hood spare parts 
Microwave spare parts 
Blog
Service & Support
10% off Your First Order
Home
appliances
laundry
washing machines
NM11 945 WC A UK N
Hotpoint ActiveCare NM11 945 WC A UK N Washing Machine - White
 
£
875
.
00
Taxes are included and promotion has been applied
Product description
For an exceptional stain-busting, intuitive laundry solution that protects and cares for your clothes, the Hotpoint ActiveCare NM11 945 WC A UK N Washing Machine is best-in-class for stain removal, our innovative ActiveCare technology takes care of your clothes by removing more than 100 stains at just 20°C*, so you can wear your favourite clothes time and time again.
 Maintain hygiene and freshness in the most natural way with the Steam Pack. The Steam Hygiene & Steam Refresh cycles provide the ultimate care and protection for keeping your laundry fresh and perfectly clean. Steam Refresh provides a dedicated cycle to freshen clothes without the need for a full wash. The cycle takes just 20 minutes with steam penetrating deep into fabrics, making them slightly damp, reducing creases for easier ironing. The Steam Hygiene cycle provides the ultimate care and protection for a totally hygienic wash. Steam hygiene injects steam directly into the drum at the end of the cycle, removing up to 99.9% of the most common bacteria without the use of chemical additives.
 Dropped an item on the way to the washing machine? With Hotpoint Stop&Add you can add laundry to the wash cycle during the first few minutes of the cycle without compromising on wash performance. You can also choose either to speed up the cycle or save energy thanks to the Rapid | Eco option. With the Rapid option, the wash duration is reduced by up to 50%, without compromising on washing results. With the Eco option, the washing machine reduces energy consumption by up to 20%, making it gentle on your pocket. 
 Keep your laundry soft and help to reduce creasing with Final Care, this option will activate a special tumbling action for up to 6 hours after the end of the cycle.
 Reduce bacteria build-up by 99.99% in your washing machine’s door seal thanks to antimicrobial protection, so your machine stays perfectly clean.
 Easily operated through the large LED display, the Hotpoint ActiveCare  NM11 945 WC A UK N  Washing Machine gives you more time back for the things you love.
Show more
Product Details
Dimensions
Top Features
Technical Data
Documents
Rating & Reviews
Receive our offers and promotions!
Fields marked with (*) are mandatory
Receive our offers and promotions
I consent to the processing of my personal data to allow Whirlpool UK Appliances Ltd to send me marketing communications via traditional and electronic means
Read more
Sign up for our newsletter
Home Appliances Customer Centre
Register your appliance
Enjoy faster service. Get expert advice and exclusive offers
Instruction Manuals
Access or download 
product manuals
Contact Us
We're here to help 
364 days a year
LIVE CHAT
Get faster support. Click on the icon in the bottom right corner
Whirlpool
Customer Care
Contact Us
Hotpoint Service
Store Locator
Factory Outlet
Parts Models Lookup
Safety Notices
Register Your Appliance
Careers
Our Company
About Us
Company Site
Recycling
Gender Pay Report
Press Enquiries
Blog
Our Policies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Share Your Content
Modern Slavery Act
Tax Strategy
Cookie Preferences
Our Shop
Heat Pump
Cooking
Refrigeration
Dishwashing
Small appliances
10% OFF YOUR FIRST ORDER
Accessories
Spare Parts
Sitemap
©2023 Whirlpool UK Appliances Ltd 00106725. Morley Way, Peterborough, PE2 9JB. All rights reserved.









