







High Quality Washers and Dryers | Miele


















































What are you looking for?
Your recent searches
Unfortunately we couldn’t find any results for your search.
Please check your entry and try again.
No product results
No category results
No popular results
View all
Miele
Login
Create account
Logged in as
Dashboard
My Appliances
Recent Transactions
My Profile
Log out
0
Shopping cart ({0})
Subtotal
Checkout
Show cart





















                Kitchen
 









                Laundry care
 









                Vacuum cleaning
 









                Cleaning products
 









                Support
 









                Professional
            












Search


Find a Partner


My account


Shopping basket


Wish list


Logout








Contact us






Home
High Quality Washers and Dryers



















                      All-New W1 T1 Laundry Series
                



                    Miele's New High Quality Washers and Dryers
                




 


Experience Miele's new high quality washers and dryers with even faster performance and more convenient features than ever before. From automatic detergent dispensing and WiFi capabilities to energy and water efficiency, discover how these award winning high quality washers and dryers are a perfect fit for every home.






Find a Retailer
























Washing Machines






Dryers






Why Miele?






Find a Retailer

























                            Rethink how you do laundry, by thinking less about it.
                        












Every detail has been perfected with Miele’s high quality washers and dryers. Experience how convenience meets performance with all the innovative features that Miele laundry machines have to offer. Depending on the size of your space, choose whether you’d like your machines to be stacked, side-by-side, or undercounter. Miele wants your laundry experience to be as easy as possible – removing all the guesswork. Let the TwinDos automatic dispensing detergent system measure the perfect amount of detergent for your load. For a quick load, use the QuickIntenseWash program to thoroughly wash your clothes in just 49 minutes. For a single load, SingleWash washes your single garments faster and more economically than ever before. As for the drying process, Miele dryers are known for their energy efficiency saving up to 60% with heat-pump technology. In addition to PerfectDry – never worry about your clothes coming out less than perfect ever again.

























                    W1 Washers with TwinDos
                




Miele’s TwinDos provides the most intuitive automatic detergent system on the market with two detergent containers integrated into the washing machine. The appliance dispenses the optimum quantity of detergent for the laundry at the optimal time in the wash cycle. Several detergent options are available, including sensitive and odor protection. 






Explore Washers
Find a Retailer



























                    T1 Heat-Pump Dryers
                




T1 Heat-pump dryers are known for energy efficiency, saving up to 60% in consumption. They have been designated as Most Efficient Energy Star certified for 2021. Unlike condenser dryers, the heat generated is reused and low temperatures protect the high-quality fibers in the most delicate fabrics. T1 dryers run on a 120v outlet, providing flexible installation.






Explore Dryers
Find a Retailer



























                    M Touch Controls
                




Miele's high quality washers and dryers now feature sleek and intuitive M Touch controls on select models. Choose your settings with only the touch of a fingertip. Your machines can be operated quickly and easily by tapping or swiping on the display panel. 































                    WiFiConn@ct
                




Operate your Miele laundry machines from anywhere on your smart phone or tablet with WiFiConn@ct. Explore different settings and programs, while having the ability to network your Miele appliances with the Miele@home app. Load your machine and then operate it while on the go - allowing you to come home to warm, fluffy laundry. Check out your detergent levels to see when it's time to reorder. 































                    Capacity
                




Miele's W1 washing machine can hold up to 3 baskets of items (approximately 17.6 pounds) and provides a smaller footprint in terms of space. Let the W1 surprise you with what it can hold, while also offering the flexibility of handling smaller loads (i.e. half load) without the added energy.






Find a Retailer



























                    Miele Quality
                




Miele's high quality washers and dryers are designed to last a long service life. Miele conducts intensive endurance tests to meet the highest quality standards. In these tests washing machines are expected to wash for 10,000 hours, while running a mix of approximately 5,000 two-hour wash programs. This corresponds to approx. 5 programs per week – over 20 years.






Learn More



























                    Hygiene Seal
                




Our washing machine technology and hygiene programs ensure textiles are germ-free. Tests by the independent Rhine-Waal University of Applied Sciences have confirmed that all Miele washing machines remove 99.99% of specific bacteria when using the Sanitize Program*. This applies to TwinDos with UltraPhase and standard detergents. 






LEARN MORE



















                            Every machine is in a class of its own
                        












Find out more about Miele high quality washers and dryers. 


 



























                High Quality Washing Machines 
            




Change how you do laundry forever. Explore the innovative features and benefits of Miele W1 washing machines.






Explore Washers
Find a Retailer



























                High Quality Tumble Dryers 
            




Perfect results every time. Explore the innovative features and benefits of Miele T1 tumble dryers.






Explore Dryers
Find a Retailer



















            The ability to install anywhere
        




For more compact spaces, Miele's high quality washers and dryers can be conveniently combined as a washer-dryer stack. Conveniently install side by side or add the WTS 510 plinth (optional accessory) for practical storage space below the machines. All Miele front-loading machines can be placed under a countertop with a minimum niche height of 33.5 inches. All dryers are ductless, ventless, and run on a 120v outlet - providing flexible installation options.






Compact Washer and Dryer Stack
Compact Washer and Dryer Side by Side
Compact Washer and Dryer Undercounter











			Find a Retailer 
		






























Address


































*Hygiene Seal - Refers to the Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus bacteria in the Sanitize program. Details on the test criteria can be found on 
Testkriterien_Hygiene-Siegel.pdf (miele.com)


















To top of page














Good reasons for choosing Miele






Quality
Technology
Convenience
Support
Design
The Miele brand










Miele in The United States






About us
Miele in The United States
Careers
Press
Suppliers
Dealers
Accessibility Statement
Contact










Connected Home






Miele@home
Miele app
Voice assistance
Connectable appliances










Advantages






Certificates & vouchers
Rebate Redemption
Promotions
New products and features
Extended Warranty






Business partners
Miele Professional
Miele Marine
Architects & Designers








Find a Partner












Find a Partner






Miele Experience Center
Discover our inspiring Miele Centers. 
See the nearest Miele Experience Center






Contact
888-996-4353


Follow Miele




Newsletter






























GTC
Privacy Policy
Terms of use


Accessibility Tools


Do not sell my personal information

























