







mi-11 - Mi Global Home






















































































Mi 11
Overview
Specs
Movie Magic
Cinematic 108MP   
SOUND BY Harman Kardon
WQHD+ 120Hz display   
Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 888
Film like a director 
Mi 11 is made for movie lovers.
 Xiaomi has combined exceptional hardware with cutting edge cinematic software, 
to offer a variety of incredibly creative yet easy-to-use videography features.
Studio-level cameras 
108MP 
wide-angle camera with OIS
13MP 
ultra-wide angle camera
5MP 
telemacro camera
One-Click AI Cinema
Shoot like a director
With exceptional movie effects anyone can be a director. 
Use One-Click AI Cinema to easily turn your videos into cinematic masterpieces. 
Time Freeze 
Magic Zoom
Slow Shutter
Night Time-lapse
Freeze Frame Video
Parallel World
Cinematic video filters
Edit like a studio
Eight cinematic filters to set the right tone for your videos.
Ultra Night Video
Light up your shoots
Ultra Night Video, uses RAW-level AI real-time noise reduction and brightness enhancement, offering improved lighting and brighter night videography. 
Even in dim light
Ultra Night Video. Makes it possible to shoot in extreme darkness (luminance<1 Lux). Thanks to AI real-time noise reduction in RAW-level and light enhancement algorithms, the images are automatically brightened and retain more detail.
HDR10+ video recording
Bringing more clarity to your video, clearly showing every bright and dark detail with a picture quality closer to reality.
108MP camera
Ultra clear in every detail
FOV 123°
Ultra-wide perspective
5MP telemacro
Explore magical microcosms
Three times the 
Night mode 
Mi 11 enhances light and reduces over exposure, expanding night photography to three cameras 
so that you can fulfill all of your night shooting needs.
108MP
Ultra wide
Front
AI Erase 2.0
The advanced AI algorithm removes undesirable objects and lines. Make your photos as perfect as you imagined.
A display without compromises
This is a near-perfect screen, with immaculate clarity, color, and smoothness.
Mi 11 set 13 new records and received an A+ rating from DisplayMate, one of the most reliable display evaluation agencies in the world.*
Breathtaking clarity with WQHD+
WQHD+ ultra-high resolution (3200x1440) provides almost 1.8 times pixel-counts than FHD+ screens displaying more detail, while also allowing you to experience 1440p high resolution video content*. In addition, Mi 11 uses the latest E4 Organic Electroluminescence material, making for a more power efficient screen.
360p
720p
* For demonstration purposes only.
With the Super Resolution technology, the video quality is doubled, from 480p to 960p and 720p to 1440p, supporting all mainstream video platforms*. Watch your favorite old clips and videos with new clarity.
*All resolutions above currently support 2x upscaling. 3x upscaling for select resolutions will be available soon via OTA update.
Seamless visuals 
and feedback
120Hz refresh rate with AdaptiveSync
The refresh rate of up to 120Hz lets you enjoy a seamless and smooth screen experience, especially when gaming. The AdaptiveSync display automatically selects the best-suited refresh rate giving a smoother result while also optimizing power consumption. 
480Hz touch sampling rate
The 480Hz maximum touch sampling rate is Xiaomi's fastest screen response speed to date. The screen responds to your actions faster than ever, putting you one step ahead when gaming.
Rich and vivid colors, 
accurately depicting the real world
With more precise colors, a wider color range, and smoother color transitions, 
the Mi 11 screen displays content in rich color as if you were looking directly at it with your own eyes.
8-bit
10-bit
TrueColor display
JNCD≈ 0.38, ΔE≈ 0.41
Wide color gamut
100% DCI-P3 (typ)
1.07 billion colors
10-bit color
SOUND BY Harman Kardon
High-end sound quality
SOUND BY Harman Kardon, Xiaomi has worked together with the experts to enhance the acoustics of the dual speakers, providing exquisite and crisp high-end sound quality. The spectacular audio will make you feel more immersed when watching movies and can make you forget about your surroundings when listening to your favorite playlist.
Beautiful and tough
12
g
lighter *
0.9
mm
thinner *
Quad-curved display design
Captivating and durable
Quad-curved design
for a more immersive experience
Adding hardware-level mistouch sensor to avoid unintentional touch feedback
Corning® Gorilla® Glass Victus™
The screen is now even more durable and robust with a 150% increase in drop performance and a 200% increase in scratch resistance.*
Quad-curved glass body
The back of the body is rounded and elegantly curved, which makes it more comfortable to hold.
Special Edition
Inspired by ocean waves, we used high-end 3D textured glass to compile a new color range that explores light and shadow. The signature of Xiaomi founder Lei Jun is printed on the back.
Horizon Blue
Midnight Gray
Cloud White
Overtaking the future, flagship performance
The leading Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 888 processor, built with 5nm process technology, comes with fully upgraded CPU, GPU and AI performance, making it one of the strongest processors in the 5G era.
+25%
overall upgrade
Kryo™ 680 CPU with Arm Cortex-X1 technology
+35%
upgrade
Adreno™ 660 GPU
+70%
AI performance upgrade  
26 trillion operations per second
Wi-Fi 6
Mi 11 improves the Wi-Fi 6 experience, which has a throughput of up to 3.5Gbps and an Internet speed that is 106% faster than the previous version*
4K QAM
Higher data transfer density
160MHz
Double the wavebands 
3.5Gbps
Greater throughput
Advanced connectivity
5G supported
A more comprehensive 5G experience
Bluetooth 5.2
Dual Headphone/Speaker Support
Powerful battery
always ready to go
Large battery in a slim and lightweight body
4600mAh, powered up all day long
55W wired turbo charging
50W wireless turbo charging
10W reverse wireless charging
Only 
45
minutes
to reach 100% with 55W wired turbo charging*
Only 
53
minutes 
to reach 100% with 50W wireless turbo charging*
* The UI screen shows the wireless turbo charging, and just for reference only.
More details
Voice isolation 
X-axis linear motor
In-display heart rate monitoring
Inbox 55W GaN charger
1
2
3
See specs >
Notes:
* 13 records: Highest Visible Screen Resolution, Highest Absolute Color Accuracy, Highest Peak Display Brightness, Highest Contrast Ratio, Highest Native Color Gamut, Lowest Screen Reflectance, Highest Image Contrast Accuracy and Intensity Scale Accuracy, Contrast Rating in Ambient Light, Highest Full Screen Brightness for OLED Smartphones, Smallest Change in Peak Luminance with the Image Content Average Picture Level APL, Smallest Color Variation of White with Viewing Angle, Smallest Shift in Color Accuracy and Intensity Scale with the Image Content APL, Smallest Shift in Image Contrast and Intensity Scale with the Image Content APL 
* Mainstream video platforms refer to: Mi Video global edition, iQIYI global edition, Youtube, Netflix, Prime video, Hotstar, Vic, Google photos
* All data comparison related to dimension are from Xiaomi Laboratory, which compared Mi 11 with Mi 10.
* All data related to Wi-Fi 6 are from Xiaomi Laboratory, which compares Wi-Fi 6 in Mi 10 and Mi 11. The Wi-Fi 6 of Mi 11 has been improved compared to Wi-Fi 6 of Mi 10.
* 5G connectivity may vary based on region availability and local operator support. 5G SA connectivity enhancements may be added via OTA where applicable.
* Data related to battery and charging was obtained from internal laboratories. Actual results may vary according to differences in software version, environment and usage conditions, and may not reflect the actual product.
* In-display heart rate monitoring function may be added via OTA.
Copyright © 2010 - 2023 Xiaomi. All Rights Reserved
Cookie Policy
Global / Global









































